There are some posters on the opposite of the power switch.
Go inside through the glass doors in between the palm trees.  Wait beside the couch with a honeycomb design.
Turn left and move straight.  Move slightly to left while proceeding forward.  Go straight.
Turn left and enter the hallway. Once in the hallway turn left into the first door. Stop once you enter the room and are facing the long table.
Walk down hallway, and toward the staircase and stop.
The cabinet is set on the corner of the hall and close to a woody door.
Turn right to go up the stairs to the right of the chairs. Stop at the top of the stairs where the different entryways are.
Walk past the chaise on the left. Make a right just before the dining table. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Wait at the fossilized wood coffee table.
Leave the bathroom and walk down the hallway past the two chairs.  Turn left after passing the second chair and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Exit the bedroom. Walk past the stairs and turn right. Turn right at the end of the hall and enter the room in front of you. Stop in the doorway.
Leave the room going past the counter and the white chairs. Stop on the PGI doormat.
Walk through the bedroom and down the hall. Turn left and stop in the doorway.
Walk to the kitchen.  To the left of the left of the marble-topped island with the sink, there is a flight of stairs.  Turn left and stop at the landing at the top of the stairs exiting the kitchen.
Go through the doorway and turn right.  Head through the double doors and stop on the porch.
Exit the room you are in now, and turn right.  You will be looking down a long hallway with white floors.  Walk forward until you reach the end of the room you were just in, and the first intersecting hallway.  You'll see a sink station on the left.  Turn left and walk forward until you are in the middle of the hallway standing in front of the sink.
Turn around and take a left and then take a right. Wait next to the desk and the small white table on the left.
There are some drinks on the table.
Turn left and exit room. Walk straight passed the barber chair. Turn left beside the exercise bike into the open door. Walk through the door and stop between the two massage tables.
Finish going up the stairs and turn left.  Go into the first passageway and turn right.  Step in the bedroom and stop in front of the nightstand near the door.
on the left side of the sofa, next to the lamp
Walk between the tables and across the loft, stand in front of the coffee table by the white couch.
Leave the washroom and make a hard left to go through the doorway. Make a hard right and wait near the lockers.
Walk past the stairs out of the room. Walk into the room across and stop next to the glass shelf.
Exit the bedroom. Walk forward so you are standing between the couch and the dinning table. Go to the stairs. Wait at the fourth stair from the bottom.
under the table, among four stools and second from right
Walk across the room and hallway, past the stairs and wait in the doorway to the kitchen.
Walk out of the closet and turn left. Walk out of the bedroom and walk down the hall. Turn right into the room across from the flowers and stop by the bed.
Walk out of the open door into the hallway. Make a left. Walk straight down the hall. Make a right at the end of the hall and stand in the open doorway.
The chair faces a pool.
The sofa is near a room with a tall wooden carbinet and near a corridor.
Walk toward the pool. Stop next to the treadmill.
Walk past the television and around the bed and stop across from the shower.
The cabinet is behind the door and close to the corner.
Leave the wine room and take a right. Walk towards the patio doors. Stop in the patio doorway behind the first chair on the right.
Walk past the workout equipment and turn left. Walk into the bedroom  and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and stop in front of the desk.
Walk through the bedroom passed the bed and dresser made of raw wood. Walk through the open door near the dresser out into the living room area. Walk passed the floor lamp and around the corner. Continue past the pool table and walk into the open door in the corner of the room near the bar stools.
This area has a red carpet.
The table is set between a beige sofa and a black and gray sofa, and in front of a black stove.
Walk out the door to the right of the room beside the chair. Once out turn and walk left. Stop when you reach the next door on the left.
Exit the room. Turn left and go up the steps. Stop there.
With the bed in front of you go straight into the bedroom. In the bedroom take a right and go towards the TV taking a left out of the room. In the hallway outside of the room go straight down the hall into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a right and walk between the window on your right, and the table on your left into the living room. In the living room stop with the patio door on your right.
Walk up the stairs and wait in the hallway.
This area has a large swimming pool and a small bath.
between window and bed, on a cabinet with a lamp
Go forward and to the right of the red art piece, go through the doors and straight until you are in between the chairs, turn left and go in between the red chair and the big silver cylinder and stop.
Exit the room then turn left and go down the hallway. Go up the steps then go straight and wait right next to the piano.
above a washbasin, next to the window of the bathroom
Walk forward down the stairs. Turn right and continue down the second set of stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
above the bed, next to a long window
The bed is in front of the mirror and the armoire, There are quilts decorated by triangles, rectangles and so on of a full range of colors on the bed.
Walk down the hall and wait on the stairs.
The tap is in front of a big mirror and under four lights.
Enter the room with two twin beds and a large wall tv. Walk past the beds, into the bathroom. Go through the bathroom and stop in the hallway in front of the stairs.
Go down the stairs and turn right at the very bottom.  Keep walking straight past the sitting area on the left and into the bedroom with the blue walls at the end of the hallway.  Stop just after entering the bedroom.
Go down the stairs then continue straight and turn left to go down the other stairs and stop when you get to the bottom.
Walk toward the fireplace then turn right. Turn right again then go straight until you get to a  round table with three candles in a clear vase on the right. Wait there.
Go into the dining room, passed at the glass wall on the right, go straight into the bedroom doorway and stop.
The chair is settled next to a square wooden table and near a black television.
The shutter is in a bedroom.
next to the glass wall, on the left of the table
Go right down the closet hallway and stop next to the painting.
Walk through the bathroom and into the bedroom. Stop in the sliding glass doorway that leads to the balcony.
Head toward the stairs and turn left before you get to the stairs. When you see the plant go through the double doors and turn left. Go up four steps on the stairs to your right and wait there.
Pass the pool table then pass the bar with the stools. Then pass the couches on the right and contunue straight until you get to some steps go up three steps then stop.
Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway. Walk down the hall over the floor rug, passed the cabinet against the wall and the stairwell. Walk into the bedroom with the twin bed with blue blankets and pillows.
The kitchen is on the first floor and next to the dining room.
Turn around and walk down the hall. Walk past the stairs and wait by the counter top.
The table is in the parlor on the first floor.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom and into the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom and wait in the hallway just outside the bedroom.
Go up the stairs then stop.
below a vase, below a bowl
Exit bathroom or bathing area, make a right, enter other bathroom area.
Walk up the stairs and go down the hallway, then make a slight left and go down the flight of stairs. Wait at the top of the steps going downstairs to the front door.
Turn left and go forward down the stairs. Turn left and enter the room. Wait in front of the table.
Exit the bathroom.   Walk to the staircase.  Wait here.
The lamp is in a bedroom on a second floor.
Pass the sink and the fridge and then turn left and go into the room with the large table and chairs. Wait by the painting of the vase and flowers on the right wall.
The washing machine is in a laundry.
Go to the right of the chair and lamp, go into the brown double doors, go into the bedroom and go along the bed towards the archway and take a step passed the archway and stop.
Exit the bathroom and turn left.  Walk through the first doorway on your left.  Step into the room through that doorway.  There will be a pink chair in the room.  Stop in the doorway.
Turn around, then turn right and walk down the hallway. At the mirror turn left to enter the kitchen. Stop at the entryway by the cabinet.
Standing in front of the family picture, turn left and walk straight through the bathroom past the tub and mirrors.  Go through the doorway and stop when the door to the bathroom is on your right and the door to the closet is to your left.
Exit the bedroom and go down the hallway to the first door on the left. Enter the bathroom and wait just inside.
face the washing room, hang on the wall
Walk through the kitchen and into the living area with two red sofas facing each other. Stop just when you reach the black rug.
Walk out of the closet and through the bathroom. Turn left and walk down the hallway past the fireplace. Turn right past the plants and stop by the chair.
Exit the room and go straight through the room, go into the doorway that is just passed the two black chairs and stop.
Walk to end of hallway and turn right, enter study and walk right towards balcony at balcony turn right and walk through opening, walk straight and turn right and stop in archway.
Walk straight past the first sink. Turn right and go into the showers.
Go down the hall into the living room. Stop on the striped rug.
Turn left, and go past the couch, when you get past the couch, go on to the right and go through the hallway.  Continue through there to the stairs.  You'll need to wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom to enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom by turning right at the door. Stop in front of the pool table placed outside the room.
Exit the room under construction and move into the hall. Turn into the first bedroom on the right and stand in the doorway of the bathroom.
The painting is near a living room.
Walk past the stairs and into the hallway ahead. Enter the first room on the left and walk through the room, past the massage tables and to the door ahead. Wait just inside the doorway.
The flower is placed in the vase on the table.
Exit the bedroom and turn right to face the hallway.  Walk forward until you reach the end of the paisley carpet and turn left.  Walk forward toward the American flag, then take a few steps forward into the room and stop about 2 feet from the corner of the fireplace.
Turn around and go down the hall way.  Turn left at the doorway and you'll see a setting room.  Go to the left side of the chair, near the window and stand there.  Wait.
There are some machines and a lamp on the desk, and a black chair is in front of it.
Walk across bedroom and stop next to TV.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Go into the office. Exit the office using the door straight ahead. Wait near the statue on the ledge on the left.
Walk past the sinks into the bathroom. Take a right at the end of the counter and stop in front of the bookcase with the glass shelves.
A tap is right above it, and a display is on its left.
Exit the room and go through the first door on the right. Wait in the doorway to the en suite bathroom.
Go towards the single oven and make a left, go towards to the double oven and make a right, then at the intersection take a left, then go to the brown doorway and stop.
Turn left and walk down the hall. Turn left and walk through the sitting area and enter the bath room.  Wait near the sink.
There is a power switch on the opposite. There is a door besides.
Turn around and exit the exercise room and turn left. Turn right when you get to the stove and wait near the 2 chairs at the counter.
Go into the living room, navigate behind the couch to the left, move forward, stop at the end of the hall.
The picture is set in the bright bedroom.
fases  a narrow bed; below a wall lamp;
Walk around the dining room table towards the glass window walls. Walk around the table to the dresser with a digital picture frame on top.
Walk around room with art display, down hallway and stop in the center of big empty room.
Walk straight ahead and wait next to the small glass table with the flower arrangement on it.
Exit the bedroom. Follow the left wall to the bedroom. Enter the bedroom. Wait by the door on the other side of the bed.
go downstairs, stop at bottom.
The curtain is in the number 5 meeting room.
Move through hall and wait by the top of the stairs descending to the left.
The  computer is on the right of a white huge pillar and face the corridor at a slant.
Walk through the glass door and turn right. Walk past the double glass doors on the right and past the desk . Stop in front of the first door on the right.
pass through hallway, walk toward outside door, turn right, stop in doorway.
Turn right walk towards the stairs. Turn left and walk past the carpet enter the rightmost doorway. Wait by the shelf inside the bedroom.
Walk across living room to kitchen bar. Stop at bar stools.
The sofa is in a living room.
The bed is next to the glass window and opposite the balcony with a view of the courtyard.
Walk along the counter toward the living room, turn left and exit the building through the sliding glass doors. Wait by the deck by the chair.
Put the fireplace on your right and the staircase on your left, then walk forward. Continue past the double doors on your right, and then enter the archway on your right near the end of that room.
Turn right down the hallway, and go into the bathroom on the right.
Go straight towards the open double doors, right past the pool.  Enter the room.  Turn right and go straight, till you're even with the couch.  Then you should stop and wait.
Turn to the right, go through the wooden door.  Keep walking straight across the massive carpet.  Go through the double wooden doors.  You'll be in a massive room with big windows.  Wait there in the entry way to the room.
The chaire is set in the bright bedroom.
on the carpet, in front of the sofa, facing the balcony on the left, there are three books and a comport on it
Go up the stairs turn right and go into the hallway on the left of the fireplace. Turn left into the room and wait near the bed.
The glasses are settled behind a beige long sofa, near a red painting and a black stove.
under a plate, under a lamp
Walk to the end of the room and stop between the L-shaped, empty, wooden table and the gray sofa with two green pillows on it.
The flowers are set in a transparent vase, on a beige table and near two white sinks.
Enter the hallway through the door to the right of the bookcase. Veer left and enter the living room through the last door on the right. Stop on the left edge of the carpet.
Go around the bed and head down the hallway.  Stop by the art on the floor in the hallway.
Walk past the black table and chairs and stand by the first white chair that is facing the rectangular coffee table and checkered couches.
Walk out of the wine cellar and past the dining room table. Walk into the hallway and through the entryway on the right. Stop by the chair.
Exit the room using the door on the right then head straight until you get to the kitchen after you pass the kitchen turn left and wait by the large table with the six beige chairs.
The sofa is next to the door, near the open-air balcony.
Walk forward into the dining room and out at the other end. Once out of the dining room take a right and go down the hallway into the theater. Stop in the doorway to the theater.
Walk from stairs across room to pool table and stop.
Below the tap is a cabinet, and it face another big cabinet. There is a mirror right above it.
The living room is surrounded by a kitchen and two bedrooms.
Exit the room. Turn right. Turn right again. Wait near the glass table with the white chairs.
The lamp is near a storage room.
Begin walking forward through the stone entryway. Take a left just before you reach the table on the left.  Continue walking forward towards the desk. Continue to walk towards the chair and stop.
Walk across the room staying to the right until you reach some grey chairs. Turn left and walk up the short stairs and enter the leftmost room.
Take the first left past the bed and go around the pool table. Go straight and pass the recliners and enter the room straight ahead. Stop once you are past the door.
The handdoor is close to the living room and balcony.
The stool is set behind of a  black computer and near a red stairs.
Turn left and enter the kitchen. When you reach the island, turn left. Walk towards the kitchen table. Stop to the right of the table just before you reach the wood door.
Turn around and walk into the dining room on the left. Walk across the left side of the dining room, then turn right and start walking up the staircase. Stop at the fifth stair.
The painting is near a gray sculpture and a black bookshelf.
Exit the room through the arched opening and then go left through the door opening. Re-enter the building through the door to your immediate right after you exit the building.
The sofa is placed in the living room ,which is front facing the glass door and close to a red carpet.
The cabinet is set above the fruits and a induction cooker, and near a big table with a silvery sink.
Walk forward and behind the couch. Turn slightly right and continue past the white arm chairs into the next room. Continue slightly right and walk through the double doors and into the living room. Wait near the white sofa chair.
Turn and walk through the door that leads to the hall. Make a left and walk all the way down to the end of the hall until you reach the skinny white wall.
The bedroom is on the second floor and there is a balcony outside.
The bed is near a corridor.
The bar is in front of the vast resting area and towards the service desk.
Go down the stairs and go straight, then take a left and go around the recliners. Go into the room that is on the far right the second door on the right. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
The kitchen is next to the livingroom and next to the dining room.
With the door to the bedroom behind you, walk straight and then down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs, just before entering the kitchen.
Walk out of the gym and turn left in front of the mirror into the bedroom. Turn left past the bench and stop in front of the cabinet.
Go straight into the house using the large glass doors. Turn left and wait near the kitchen area.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk up the stairs and stop on the third step from the top.
The balcony is next to the living room and in front of the coutyard with a swimming pool.
Walk toward the exit to the bedroom but turn left before you leave the bedroom and walk down the hallway to the bathroom.  Continue down the hallway past the two chairs with brown flowers and stop in front of the faucet for the bathtub.
Walk passed the dining room table and into the living room. Turn the corner towards the front door and hanging clock. Walk down the halls passed the stairwell. Turn into the open door to the bathroom and stop in the front room near the sink.
Walk past the refrigerator. Keep walking past the dining room table and chairs. Keep walking into the living room. Stop in front of the fireplace.
Turn around and head indoors. Walk through the bedroom into the hallway, then make a left into the bathroom. Stop near the shower.
Exit the room. Turn right and exit that room. Turn left and go down the hall. Go straight until you get to a room with a ceiling fan then stop there.
Locate the sink. Go through the archway to the right of the sink. locate the candelabra. Travel along the candelabra wall to the brown chair at the end of a counter.
Exit the room then turn right on the second door and wait in the closet.
Go out of the room then turn left and go out to the hallway then turn left and wait at the laundry entrance.
Turn around and exit out the wood and green door to the right of the fire extinguisher. Walk forward until you reach the rope. Stop on the other side of the rope when you reach the next rug.
Walk down past the dining table. Turn right at the last drinking fixture display. Step in between the two doorways and stop.
There is a big table on the opposite and some cabinets around.
Go out of the bathroom to the exercise room.  Turn right and go down the hallway.  Make a slight right and stop.
Turn left  and exit the bathroom, enter the hallway and turn left.  Walk to the fireplace and turn left.  Walk past the double doors and wait near the edge of the tile floors.
TV has a potted plant and a Spider-Man model to the left and right
Walk down the stairs, turn left and continue past the dining room into the great room. Stop and wait near the built-in desk.
Walk across large room to door on right, walk across artifact room and enter large door on the right. Stop between two doors.
Walked past sink, turn right at oven and walk straight. Turn left into doorway. Walk towards stairway, go straight, and turn left and wait at large doorway.
Go up the stairs and then turn to the right. Go straight down the hallway past the laundry room  and then turn to the left and stop in the doorway to the bedroom. Wait there.
Turn right into the hallway. Take the first door on the left into the living area. Walk forward through the door to the bathroom. Wait there.
The livingroom is on the third floor, next to the stairs and kitchen and there is a balcony outside.
Exit the room and turn right then wait at the top of the stairs.
Vase near the corridor connecting the gym
The cabinet is near a stool and there are some bowls in it.
Exit the bathroom and cross towards the stairs. Stop in the entryway.
Walk away from the table tennis table. Go down the stairs through the doorway on the right and  stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk upstairs to the first archway on the left and wait outside the bathroom.
Go past the bed and down the hallway. Continue until you are in the doorway of the room at the end of the hall.
The living room is next to a washroom and connected with a dining room through a corridor.
Turn right and go up the stairs, proceed forward and stop by the bar stools.
Exit the closet by walking between the hanging shirts on your left and the cabinet to the right. Bearing to the right enter the hallway and then turn left. Take several steps forward until you're even with the dark wood wall on your left and stop and wait.
Walk and turn right. Enter the living room. Walk forward passing both the polka dots sofa. Walk outside the door, and stop there.
Walk into the dining room. Take a right once you pass the table. Walk straight, and take a left and enter the kitchen. Stand in the doorway to the kitchen.
The photo is set on the right side of a yellow model car and above a colorful photo.
Walk along the glass dividing  passed the first office desk. Turn around the desk and walk towards the purple egg on the ground. Walk up to the printer on the wall next to the stone support walls.
Head past the pool table through the open door on the right. Stop at the base of the staircase.
Walk forward down the hallway and turn left. Walk forward and turn right into the laundry room. Wait just inside the doorway.
Walk past the long table with a horse statue on it through the doorway.  Stop just inside the doorway.
in front of some bikes,opposite to a black sofa and faces a little desk
Walk through the hall and into the bedroom with purple pillows on the bed. Walk through the bedroom and out of the door on the open other side of the room. Walk down the hall past the metallic wall. Turn to walk up the first few stairs of the stairwell.
Turn to the right and walk straight down towards the windows.  Turn to the left by the glass doorways.  Wait right there.
Walk forward passing the pool on the left. Go through the door and wait there.
Exit the bathroom and walk through the master bathroom.  Enter the hallway to the right, proceed forward and wait by the stairs.
Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway ahead. Turn right and walk down the hallway past the hanging wall art. Turn into the door on the left that leads to a kitchen area and stop near the central counter top with a sink built in.
under the display,in the brown shell and above a dustbin
The stool is under the table. The stool is near the balcony.
The cabinet is in a corridor.
The box is set near a black cabinet and against a wall.
The treadmill is in a gym on the second floor.
Turn facing the stainless steel refrigerator and exit the building via the double doors ahead and towards the left.
Exit the bedroom, then turn right into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
There are some pictures below the drawer. There is a chair next to the drawer.
Turn right and walk all the way down the hallway. At the end of hallway turn left and stop once you enter the bathroom.
Walk past sectional sofa on the left. Walk past dining room on the right. Walk up stairs. Wait on stair landing near plant.
Walk toward the television on the wall.  Turn left before you reach the television.  Walk forward to exit through the door straight ahead.  Wait here.
the drawer pposite is the living room
The door is located at the center of the bathroom.
Exit the bedroom, walk into the hall to the left of the stairs and continue into the bedroom. Walk onto the balcony and stop before the brown sofa.
There's an exact same outlet to the left of it, On its left there is a cooker and a dish with pears
Go in to the hallways with a rug. Stop before you reach the rug and turn left into the room. Stop right inside the doorway.
Proceed straight down the porch.  Turn right through open door.  Enter the bedroom.  Turn to your left and enter kitchen.
There are many chairs and desk in the dining room.
Turn around 160 degrees. Walk straight across the room past the dining table. When you get just past the end of the table, turn slight right, then a quick slight left and continue straight until you are standing in the center of the doorway.
Go into the glass door on the right and into the bedroom. Go to the bathroom doorway in the back left.
Exit the bedroom and turn left at the stair half wall. Walk down the corridor and then turn left and wait at the top of the stairs.
there is a rectangular white bag in it, on the left of the white door
next to the sofa and the staircase
surrounded by a bathroom , a bed and a cabinet
Go past the refrigerator. Follow the left wall and wait in the doorway for the restroom.
Walk past the sculpture on the end table and across the hall. Step onto the rug and stop.
Exit the bathroom and head straight across the room past a couch and mirrors, enter the door on your right and wait near the stairs.
Walk forward towards the circular desk. Go forward, staying to the left.  Proceed until you pass the sign on the floor. Move forward between the two planters to the furthest right. Change direction and while going to your right, go on into that room until you  are even with the end of the desk on your left. Stand here until you hear otherwise.
Head forward towards doorway. Stop at doorway to outside.
Exit the shower room and go through the door directly ahead. Turn left and go through the door to the outside. Stop by the first flowerbed and wait there.
Go up all the stairs and turn left in the first doorway.  Walk around the bed and into the bathroom on the other side.  Stop in front of the sink.
Exit the bathroom by walking straight. Continue walking straight to exit the bedroom. When you get to the hallway turn right and wait in front of the door for the elevator.
Walk down the hallway and go past the living room on your left. Stop next to the light switch on the right in the living room.
The store room is next to a bathroom and facing a corridor.
The mirror is set opposite to a white and red bed and two paintings and above a black shelf.
walk through door and then turn right. walk down hallway. turn right at exit sign. walk down hallway and go through the third door on the right.
Walk down the hallway and then turn right where there is an entrance with two doors. Walk in and then turn right. Walk around the bed and then walk through the door straight ahead. Wait in the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom and walk straight to the living area on your right. Wait in front of the oval white coffee table.
Go straight down the hallway until you get to a room. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
The bathtub is close to the towel rail.
Exit the bathroom through door.  Walk through bedroom door.  Turn left.  Wait here.
The screen is set near a big conference room and a tea room.
Walk across the living room and through the doorway and make a left and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk through the big double doors.  Turn to the right.  And go down the hall, past the zebra pictures.  You'll enter the room with big windows and then stop and wait.
Leave the bedroom, and take a right. Go into the hallway straight across. Enter the sitting room. Stop once you reach the rug.
next to a door, in front of a printer and a box
It was placed in a corner of the reception area.
Go down the hallway and down four steps. Wait there.
next to a trashcan, in front of a bar counter
Exit the bathroom and turn left, go down the hallway and turn into the first archway on the right and stop.
Go straight through the opening.  Turn slightly to the left.  Move straight through opening.  Go straight to bedroom.
Turn left and go down the hallway pass the sink and keep on going until you get to the bathtub and wait there.
Turn around.  Walk past the bed, turn right out of the door.  Walk towards the couches.  When you are to the red loveseat, stop and wait there.
Turn around and walk past the dining room and enter the bath room on your left.  Wait near the closet doors.
Walk straight across the room and go through the left archway. Turn right and wait between the two archways.
The sofa is on the right of two sofas and the left of a sofa.
Exit the bathroom and wait inside the nearest bedroom.
counting from left to right, the third one;
Walk diagonally towards the far corner of the room. Stop by the couch, nearest the corner.
With the ping pong table behind you, walk down the length of the room.  When you see two staircases, take the one on the right and stop on the first stop.
Walk towards door that leads to out area, take a left on walkway, stop before the two stairs.
The chair is close to the bed and the flower.
Turn around so that you are facing the chandelier. Take your first right. Stop at the end of the hallway. Turn right. Stop in front of the coffee table.
The computer is placed in the hall.
The whiteboard is set on the ground and near a television.
Walk out of the bathroom. Walk through the hallway past the end table. Turn right and stop.
There is a big sofa, chairs and tables in the living room.
Walk down the corridor, moving between the rock planters.  Keep walking until you get to the round reception desk.  Follow that desk around. keeping it to your right.  Walk between the two screens that are beyond the desk, and stop when you are parallel with the second screen.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Enter the bedroom straight across the hall.Stop in the room once you are past the door.
Walk around the exterior of the home through the tiled patio area towards the backyard and pool area. Walk between the home and the pool along the tiled patio continue passed the open door to the home and walk towards the hot tub in the corner of the yard.
the washroom is near a stair ,a living room and a rest room.
The printer is at the back of a pen and a pair of scissors,next to a row of juicers,at the right of a black advertising cabinet.
the bedroom has a washroom and is in the end of a corridor which is near another bedroom   and rest room
Walk up the stairs and go straight into the bedroom at the top of the stairs. Take a left, and walk out onto the balcony. Stop once you are on the balcony.
the living room is near the dining room ,dining room is near the kitchen
Walk to the door then turn right.  Then walk forward and stand next to the columns. Wait on the stone path near the grass.
Exit bedroom to bathroom. Stop at sink.
Turn around and enter the building. Walk to the right side of the see through wall to enter the room. Stop halfway through when you are between the table and the 2 door cabinet.
Turn and enter the doorway on your left. Go down the short hallway and enter the room with the large stairway in it. Across the room, there will be two doors. Go into the one on the right, closest to the window. Take one step into the room and wait.
The chair is set on the left side of a brown wooden desk, behind a round wooden table and on the opposite side of a tall carbinet.
face large round table, walk past it on the right side, through archway straight ahead, continue straight towards front door and stop just before you reach the front door with checkered marble floor.
near a white fence at the corner of the hall.
next to a lamp, facing a sofa
Turn around and walk past the white couches.  Go into the next room and down the hall, past the steps.  Veer to the right and stop in the hallway.  Wait there.
A white bookcase is placed at the boundary of dining room and relaxing area, which is close to a leopard print sofa.
Leave the room, and go straight. Stop once you pass the white and frosted glass partition.
Walk through the double glass doors and around the hollow square wall. Walk left past the wall into the hallway. Stop by the three paintings.
Face dining table and walk around the table on the right side.  Go straight and make a right turn after the sink. Turn left at the first turn and enter the bedroom. Stop near the foot of the bed.
continue down the stairs and through the doorway on your right. Walk past the stove towards the sink and turn right. Walk through the doorway onto the brick floor and stop once you reach the rug.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk forward and turn into the first door on the right. Wait in the doorway.
Walk past the yellow painting on the wall and down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
The vase is under the pink flowers, near a white toilet and a white sink.
Turn left and walk past the pool. Enter the door to the house on your right. Once inside turn right. Walk straight ahead and stop when you enter the kitchen.
Go into the house then turn right into the second door on the right. Pass the white table with the straw chairs then turn left and wait there by the fridge.
The plant is set in the rest area.
Walk straight past the living room and head towards the stairs. Walk up four stairs.
While facing the windows, turn left and walk straight going past the entrance doors.  Keep going straight until you see windows similar to the original one and then go into the laundry room on the left.  Stop in front of the washing machine.
Go through the kitchen then turn right and then left to the hallway. Go into the first door on your left then wait there.
The towel is on the towel rack and bathtub.
Exit the bedroom and go down the hall, turn left at the counter, go to the right of the grey couch.
Exit the kitchen through the room on the left of the mirrors. Take the first right into the laundry room. Stop in front of the sink.
The fan is set at the corner of the hall.
The tripod is placed on the ground,next to a yellow box and a black loudspeaker box.
Leave the room, and take a left. Go forward through the kitchen . Enter the pantry, and stop in front of the dishwasher.
Facing the clock, go left into the doorway, go straight through to the next archway, keep going straight and then stop before the two lamps on the right.
Exit the bedroom. Turn left and go up stairs. Turn left and wait at the entrance to the sitting room by the two closed doors.
Go through the archway on the right, go to the right side of the black table, cross the room and step near the wooden door with the slats and then stop.
Go stand on the blue dot in the hallway.
This area has a large swimming pool and a treadmill.
Leave the office, and take a right. Take a right at the double glass door. Stop next to the first desk.
Walk pass the bed and between the bed and dresser going straight pass the closet on the left and out into the hallway going straight and taking a left to go down the stairs stopping on the second stair from the top.
Walk across the deck, past the patio furniture and wait at the base of the steps.
The display is set in a small conference room.
This wooden chair is in a study.
Go up the steps then to up the stairs on the left. When you get to the top turn left. Wait near the kitchen area.
Walk up small set of granite stairs.  At the top turn hard left to go down the carpeted set of stairs.  Turn hard right at bottom of stairs. Walk straight until you reach a room on the right. Enter the room, and wait by desk.
exit room by closet, go to end of hall, turn left, stop next to picture on wall.
The bathrooom is next to the cloakroom in the master bedroom.
The picture is hung on the wall facing the sofa in the living room.
The area is between the living room and the toilet.
Walk forward with the fireplace on your left. Go over the velvet rope and walk towards the ornate doors. Stop at the doors with the fireplace poker on your left.
Walk inside.  Head down corridor.  Enter first room on the left.  Wait here.
at the top right of a blue pianting,on the red wall and the one nearest to the food bar counter
There is a cabinet with the same material, colour next to it and some wooden pillars in front of it.
Leave the office, and enter the hallway. Stop once you are in the hallway.
The painting is in the second row and the third column of the six paintings, on the wall and above a red and brown chair.
Turn around, go past the chairs and table, continue on to the next set that is a smaller table.  Turn to the left and stop when you're right by the rock wall formation.  Wait there.
Turn around and go down the hallway. Then turn left at the door.
GO to the right, between the two metal white chairs.  Turn left at the bed and walk past it.  Then, just as you're entering the hallway, stop.  Wait.
next to the door, in front of the bed
Walk through the dining area passed the counter top with a single chair and electronics on top. Walk down the hall and exit through the back door to the patio area, stopping near the barbecue.
beside a big box;near two cabinets;
the kitchen is near a living room and a open-balcony
Turn around and go down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs next to the Christmas tree.
Exit the closet and turn left into the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom and wait in the hallway by the artwork.
Pass the sink and go to the right. Enter the next room and turn right again and stop in front of the table.
Go inside through the doorway next to the seating area overlooking the boats and stop as soon as you enter.
The plant is set in a basin on a black box and near a black chair.
Walk along the deck. Stop in front of the second window past the doors.
Enter the bedroom next to the hallway bathroom. Wait in the en suite bathroom, next to the shower.
The shelf is in a living room.
TURN TO FACE THE BATHROOM DOORWAY THAT OPENS TO THE HALL WITH A TOWEL TO THE LEFT, WALK THOUGH THE DOOR, IN THE HALL TURN RIGHT AND WALK TO THE END OF THE HALLWAY, TURN LEFT AT THE END OF THE HALL UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPEN DOOR TO THE LEFT AND A RECESSED STATUE IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK TO THE DOOR ON THE LEFT THAT LEADS TO A LIVING ROOM.
Exit the bathroom, and enter the bedroom. Pass the bedroom, and turn right to exit the door. Keep walking forward, and turn left entering the living room, and stop there.
Go straight and down the hallway on the slight left. Walk until you get to a large room with a square design on the floor. Turn left and go into the first room on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Walk down the stairs and straight into the room ahead. Wait by the cabinets.
Walk up the steps and veer left. Walk down the hall and to the right. Stop in front of the bathroom.
Exit the room, turn right, enter the bedroom, then right, enter the bathroom.
The sink is in the bathroom.
The chair is in the outmost seat of a small office allowing four people to work together.
Go down the stairs and stop near the picture frame on the right wall.
Turn to the right and go past the counter island.  Go past the dishwasher and towards the stove.  When you get in front of the cabinets, stop there and wait.
on the table, next to the book
The table is in the middle of the corridor.
The living is next to a washroom and connect with a dining room.
Walk towards the open door That leads outside. Turn the corner into the room with padded lounge chairs. Turn and walk up the stairs and into the room at the top with the red lounge seats.
The washstand is close to the bedroom and bathroom.
Turn right. Turn right again at the stairs. Go to the right of the double doors. Wait next to the footrest with the cow fur on it.
The gymnasium has three chandeliers and connects with a washroom.
next to the white lamps and the window
Walk to the end of the couch and when you reach the tree take a slight right. Walk down that hall to the door on your left and enter there.
on a black tray on the shell,on the left side of a box containing cards
The single sofa is put bakc facing the wooden TV cabinet which is close to the glass door in the living room.
Exit the room and turn slightly right then go down that hallway turn right and go into the double doors. Stand near the desk before the elevators and right after the stairs.
With the sink behind you, exit the bathroom and turn right into the kitchen. Continue forward with the kitchen island to your left until you reach the sliding doors slightly to your left.
Move towards the refrigerator. Turn right after the kitchen island. Walk towards the hallway and stop in the middle of the hallway.
Turn left and exit the room. Go straight and turn left on the third door. Wait near the beds.
Step towards the glass double doors on the left, step inside, turn left towards the white table, step onto the white tiles near the fridge and stop.
under the decorations, in the center of a bedroom
Head into the bathroom, pass the counter, then stop in the hallway near the closet door.
Walk straight until you exit the hallway. Turn left and walk toward the large red and white sign. Wait near there.
Walk out the doorway straight ahead. Once out, walk to the left side of the beds and out the door. Once out, turn left and stop once you enter the room.
It was installed right next to the door to the second-floor balcony.
With the toilet on your left leave the bathroom and hang a slight right in the hallway and a left into the kitchen walking between the counter and the island counter go forward and stop just in front of the bench at the table.
After you walk out of the building walk to the railing and make a right, walk to the steps leading to the pool area and wait.
Walk outside and wait on the balcony.
next to the washbasin, over against the door
between two white tables with two lamps, next to a white wall painting
The stool is placed below the table and the vase in the kitchen.
Turn right and go up the steps. Walk to the right behind the 2 desks. Stop when reach the long wooden table beside the ping pong table.
Walk away from the pool and towards the stairs leading inside.  Walk up steps.  Wait at the top.
Exit the bedroom. Go to the staircase. Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go to the couch.
The living is under a bedroom, and is next to a washroom.
TURN RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPEN DOOR OVER LOOKING THE STAIRS, WALK TOWARDS THE STAIRS AND TURN LEFT TO FACE THE END OF A HALLWAY WITH AN OPEN DOOR ON THE RIGHT, WALK TO THE OPEN DOOR AND TURN RIGHT, WALK INTO THE BEDROOM AND TURN LEFT, WALK TO THE WINDOW ON THE LEFT HAND SIDE OF THE BED AND TURN LEFT, WALK THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR AND INTO THE BATHROOM.
next to the curtains and below the towels
Exit bedroom and enter room with table football game.  Wait here.
beside a wooden bench; in front of a shower cubicle;
Turn slightly left and exit the room. Turn right and walk towards the stairs. Wait by the small chair.
Go through the kitchen. Turn towards the left at the end of the cabinets and stand right by the kitchen table in front of the doorway to the right. Wait there.
faced with a huge mosaic post in the hall.
Walk into the building and past the dining room table and chairs. Walk into the next room and stop in front of the glass windows.
Leave the bathroom and go straight. Turn left and stop at the foot of the bed next to the chair.
under the white lamp, next to the window
under the chandelier, next to fridge
The lamps are near a rest room and a corridor.
Turn around and enter the wood door to enter the house. Once you enter the house turn right to enter the other room. Walk past the table and out the door to the right and stop once you are facing the kitchen.
Walk toward the bed. Wait near the green chair by the bed.
Exit the room. Turn right and then turn right and go down the hallway. Walk straight until you see three lounge chairs on the left and wait there.
in the middle of two nightstands, under the fan
The mirrors are set above a gray box, near a stair and near a gray sculpture.
Exit the room and turn right. Go to the end of the hall and turn right. Wait inside the first door on the left.
walk down the stairs, turn left, turn left and walk down hallway turn right at first doorway, and stop in front of shower.
You need to leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom, when you are beside the bed make a right and stand in the doorway. When you are in the doorway go into the first bedroom on the left. Next stand beside the lamp and wait.
Walk towards the round table with the two chairs and stop in front of the bookcase ladder on the left.
walk towards the wall with 6 pictures,make a right turn and stop near the thin picture by the wall.
Leave the bedroom through the door on the right.  Walk in your one o'clock position until you see a door going outside and walk towards it.  Stop when you are standing at the top of two sets of stairs, a few feet in front of the door going outside.
The display is set near a smaller conference room.
walk out door to top of steps. go down the stairs. continue to the bottom of the steps.
Walk into the hall from dining room, turn right, Go straight down hall and enter bedroom. Stop at bed.
Walk past the art into the room. Go into the room beside the table. Stop on the red carpet.
lamp at the end of the corridor on the second floor on the first floor living room
Walk straight toward the house almost until you pass the pool and wait there at the ending corner of the pool.
Walk into the hallway with the red rug. Once out of the walkway turn right and go through the door closest to the two main doors. Wait at the entrance to that room.
Exit the room then turn right and then right again to go into the room next door. Go straight and go into the door in the middle. Wait by the table.
The mirror is white, glass and rectangular.
The table is in the living room on the first floor.
Walk all the way straight passing the entire long table towards the stairs. Walk up one step on the stairs, and stop there.
Walk out of the bathroom into the hallway ahead. Turn the corner to the right and walk past the open doors and through the doorway straight ahead at the end of the hall. Walk into the room, which contains a couch with stools around a coffee table. Turn at the circular statue and walk through the open double doors to the outside area near the couches.
a big hall leading to a long hallway.
Go between the chair and coffee table. Go around the couch by the end table. Go between the table and island. Turn left after passing the table and go into the room.
Turn left and exit the bathroom and walk straight across the bedroom and out the door. Once out walk to the left of the stairs and stop.
Go passed the pool and turn left. Go down this hall passing the exercise bike on your left. At the end of the hallway go in the doorway on your right. When you are a few feet in front of the sinks, stop and wait.
Walk up stairs. Make a left on the stair landing. Make a left through the open door on the left. Wait at the foot of the bed.
Walk across the room and enter the double white doors to the left between the 2 chairs. Once out, walk through the next double doors and forward to enter the foyer area. In the foyer area, walk to the left side and exit out the double doors and stop.
Walk towards the stairs, before you reach them turn right and go through the doorway. Walk into the bedroom and turn right and head into the bathroom.
Leave the kitchen and go into the dining room. Go past the foot of the stairs and Walk through the archway. Wait by the desk in the home office.
Head inside, turn right, walk forward into the room, stop in front of the bed.
The drawer is placed below a shelf and some bottles of wine.
Walk up the stairs and make a sharp turn left into the hallway. Walk past the bathroom and to the right into the bedroom and stop.
turn around and go down the slim hallway and keep going straight until you get to a doorway and turn right into it and stop right at the door.
a long mirror above an electronic scale near it.
Walk the opposite direction of the brown double doors, and take a left so you are able to walk through the glass set of double doors. Once you walk in, stop once you reach the middle of the aisle and passed the first set of chairs.
Go left passed the bar and into the glass door on the right.
Go straight through the door and head towards the kitchen and then take a right at the table and then go straight and stop right before the table.
faces the door of this room;
Go straight until you pass a large marble table with chairs. Turn left and then turn right. Wait near the bar with the chairs.
The chair is facing the bed, There is a picture above it.
Walk forward toward the hutch and to the left towards the hallway. Enter into the hallway. Go around the corner to the left inside the hallway. Walk towards the staircase.. Stop when the piano is to your right.
Pass the Christmas tree, the light blue chairs, and the red chairs then pass the other Christmas tree and turn left and stand by the large table with chairs.
Go passed the rug and the dining room set to the stairs. go passed the mirror and enter the doorway and then you'll see the fireplace mantel.
The reading hall is behind the restaurant and near a meeting room and some boothes.
The chair is in front of a telescope and near a wooden desk which has a lamp on it.
Exit the kitchen and wait in the sitting area, between the sofas.
The oven is set in the kitchen.
You need to walk up the stairs and take a left to walk down the hall to the bedroom. After you get to the bedroom through the doorway and wait.
The dining room is on the third floor, facing the washroom and next to the kitchen.
on the long sofa, among six sofas and third from left, in front of a pillow
The bedroom is next to the stairs and the master bedroom.
Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Enter laundry room through the last door on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the room. Turn right. Go forward. Stop at the entrance to the third doorway on the right.
Walk out of the bathroom, past the stairs and glass doors, and the dining table to another long counter  Wait at the other end.
in front of the painting and next to the treadmill
Walk straight through the door in front of you.  Stay left and enter the bathroom door to your left.  Move towards the sink, but turn left before you reach it.  Wait by the toilet.
The table is in the dining room and on the second floor.
Go straight until you get to a large red and white poster that says Impact Hub then turn left and wait by the hammock.
The bar has stairs in the corner and a gray trashcan.
Walk out the bedroom door toward the sitting area.  Walk past the kitchen towards the stairs that lead up.  Stop on the fourth step up.
The painting is in a bedroom.
Turn around and walk straight. Wait at the top of the stairs, in front of the second window.
Vase in the bedroom
Walk along the fireplace wall, pass the bench and wait by the window.
Walk down the hall and turn left. Stop at the top of the stairs.
on the bed, in the middle of two lamps
Go through the large glass doors, turn left and walk past the left side of the furniture, and turn left around the corner to stop by the doors.
Walk straight toward the kitchen. Stand near the fridge.
Walk straight to exit the room. Turn left and wait there.
The chair is put in the big living room, which is back facing the big glass door to the balcony, and there are two white pillows put on it.
Go to the painting. Go to the patio table. Go to the patio couch. Go to the brown chairs.
walk down the wood floor hallway away from the bedroom, pass the fireplace and continue straight, walk to the left side of the table with a flower arrangement to the base of the staircase, walk past the stairs and stop before you make it onto the marble floor of the kitchen.
Walk towards the stairs.  Enter the room just left of the steps.  Immediately turn right.  Stay right as you follow the round wall.  Exit through the front door.  Wait here.
Turn around.  Walk on the pathway towards the entrance of the house.  When you get to the doorway, walk through it and then stop.  Wait.
Leave the bathroom and walk out of the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom and the hallway.
Walk through the double doors and turn left. Continue through another set of double doors. Wait in front of the circle railing in front of the stairs and between the large columns.
Walk past metal wall art on left. Make a hard left at black and white stone pattern in tile floor. Make a hard left into open massage room door, and wait at threshold.
Turn left go out of the bathroom then turn right and go through the double doors. After that take a sharp left and walk through the living room.Stand between the checkered chair and the mirror with a camera on it.
Turn around and make a left. Walk through the door straight ahead that has the arched transom.
With the stone pillar on your right and the table on your left walk into the main room going forward and passing the tennis table on your left go between the work tables and go forward to the table and stop in front of the table in front of the love seat.
Turn around and continue down the hall and turn right and stop by the stove.
walk straight with pews on left, stop before family area sign.
Walk forward, stop at the table covered with a white cloth.
enter hallway, turn left, enter room, walk through second doorway, stop in bathroom.
Turn around and go right, then continue towards the vertical painting and turn right again. Then continue down the hall and stop next to the bonsais.
Walk toward the built-in shelves.  Go left to exit the bedroom.  Then go to the left toward the kitchen.  Walk through the kitchen and enter the first doorway on your left.  Stop right next to the chair.
Exit the bathroom and turn right.  Stop in the doorway of the empty room.
Turn right and walk across the kitchen and through the doorway to the left of the refrigerator. Once in turn right and then turn in the first door on the left and stop.
The lamp is settled in the corner of a study on the first floor.
Walk towards the TV and turn left. Walk towards the doorway and wait at doorway.
Walk straight ahead. Veer right at the table and walk toward the kitchen area. Walk past the kitchen island and turn left at the refrigerator. Turn left at the laundry room then stop and wait.
There is a brown chair put under the desk ,and a small porcelain put on the desk
Head towards the stairs to go around the table on your right. Go past the stairs into the hallway to the right of the stairs, then turn hard left and continue forward until you reach the desk in the office at the end of the hallway.
The kitchen is next to a dining room and a small storeroom.
facing the door, next to nightstand
Walk across the hallway. At the intersection turn left. Enter the bedroom and wait there.
Go straight and pass the bed. Exit the room using the door on the left into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
on the far left of this table;
next to a bar, near a massage bed
Walk straight ahead to past the desk and TV. Walk past the bar on your right and turn right into the bathroom. Stop when you walk in.
Turn around and walk across in front of the fireplace to the other side. Enter the doorway to the left of the pictures of children on the wall and stop once you reach the table and chairs.
Turn hard right to exit the room through the arched hallway. Then turn right to walk through the corridor. Just before the stairs veer right and wait in the arched entryway.
Turn 180 degrees around. Walk down the hallway until you get to the end of the hallway. You should see an unfinished room.
Turn right and wait next to the table with the five chairs and chandelier.
Exit room through the middle double doors.  Walk across room and take the first door on the left. Continue straight through hallway stop on rug inside door.
The door is in the corner in a living room.
Exit the room to your right and continue down the hallway. Stop in the middle of the hall.
Head indoors. Pass the stairway and continue through passing through with the kitchen area on your right.  Wait at the end of the kitchen area by the blue counter.
The sink is near a toilet and a corridor on the first floor.
Walk down hall to stairs on left. Turn left and stop on 4th step.
Walk in front of the chairs turn right, go into the building, turn right, stop beside the washing machine.
The keyboard is in a big office.
Walk into the great room, turn left and walk to the staircase. Don't descend but go to the right of the stairs and stop.
Go into the room with the staircase to the right, go between the grey couch and the glass table, after passing the glass table make a right, and stop before and to the left of the thermostat.
The bedroom is in front of the bathroom on the third floor and next to the stairs.
The stool is placed  near a black table and a brown box.
The umbrella is set in a metal jar near a wall.
Turn around and walk out of the room. Take a right at the chairs and wait in the doorway of the the room on the right.
Go past the table and turn left on the second door. Wait right by the light blue couch.
Walk across dinning room to hall, turn right into laundry room. Wait at washing machine.
Walk down the hall next to the staircase. Follow the right turn of the hallway and continue straight. Walk through the arched doorway into the living area and stop before the rug.
Exit the room and walk down the hallway.Go through the doorway on the left. Walk past the table and leave the kitchen. Wait next to the office chair.
With the grass on your right walk forward on the patio and go forward until you are at the bistro table with the metal chairs and stop just at the table with the table on your left.
Go right after leaving door. Go past gym equipment. Enter second door on the right. Go straight to the open doorway on the other side of room. Stop inside the room.
next to the table and in front of a painting
Turn around until you can see a large wooden round table ahead of you and towards the right. There will be an arched opening directly ahead of you on the opposite wall of the room you're facing. Head towards that opening and go through it until you reach another room through a doorway.
Exit the bathroom and continue straight down the bedroom, entering the second door on the right.
go straight.
The table is beside the door and under the lamp.
Walk forward through the living room and out onto the patio. Stop on the patio next to the small blue plant pot.
Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the microwave. Take a right at the main entrance to the house. Go forward through the living room. Take the last right into a bedroom. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Walk forward through the glass doors and turn right. Walk forward and turn right again, walking past the glass top table. Turn slight left and walk to the entryway. Wait near the lounge chairs.
Go down the hall and turn left at the end of the hall. Wait in the doorway to the dining room.
The gymnasium has a spinning bike and three chandeliers.
on the table, next to the vase
Exit the wine cellar and straight passed the brown table on the right, keep left of the room division and go passed the stairs on the left and go through the small archway, make a left and stop at the sink.
Head toward the red chairs a little bit to your right. Standing behind the chairs there will be two sets of stars to your right. Head up the stairs on the left and stop there.
Go up the stairs and take a right, and another right past the sink. Once past the sink take a left, and stop in the first doorway on your left in a bedroom.
Walk past sink on right. Make hard right at window in laundry room. Walk through open door on left. Make hard right into dining room. Walk past dining room table on right. Walk through open door on left.Wait at plantation shuttered window on right.
walk towards the small ladder, start walking down the left side of the table, walk left towards the small table and floor lamp. Walk behind the small table, turn slight right and stop in the doorway on the right,.
Walk to the left side of the dining room table and stop just before the chair in the next room.
Enter kitchen and walk across living room to outside. Wait at outside bar.
Leave bathroom, walk to pool table, turn left into bedroom. Stop at bed table next to bed.
Walk through the open door with the car image next to it. Walk into the room with the blue flower bedding and the stuffed animal on the bed.
under the clock and cupboard
The chair is next to a round table under a white hollow-out tablecloth, on the left side of a tall brown mirror and behind a tiger skin rug.
The toy is near a corridor.
Walk straight all the way across the room. Wait in the kitchen doorway.
Turn right and exit the room via the farthest door to your right. Turn left and walk towards the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
facing a table, next to a lamp
Leave the bedroom and take a left. Walk into the main area and take a right. Stop in front of the cutout with the art in it.
Exit the room then turn right and head into the door that is to the left of the picture frame on the wall. Wait there in the entrance.
The chair is in the corner of a wide and bright bedroom.
Exit the bedroom, and turn right. Keep walking forward, and turn left when you can no longer go forward. Enter inside, and stop next to the checkered cushioned sofa.
Go out of the bedroom and down the hallway until you reach the bathroom. Stop in front of the double doors across from the bathroom.
The flower is settled in the center of a small living room on the first floor.
The book is in a small and crowded working office of the number 365 that only has the room for one person working.
Exit the bathroom through the open doorway.  Turn right and walk into the kitchen area.  Walk past the island and continue forward until you reach the first light grey couch with three striped pillows on it.  Stop about a foot away from the corner of the grey couch.
walk through doorway towards stairs, slight left and right again to walk past stairs through doorway, turn left and walk into bedroom, walk past foot of bed towards chairs, walk past chairs and turn left towards bathroom, stop in doorway.
Walk straight passing the sink faucet granite counter. Keep walking straight to enter the door leading towards the office glass table and stop there.
Go through the door and go straight. Turn right to go passed the table and then stop on the other side of the wooden lattice.
Walk through the large double doors, cross to the left and go through those double doors. Continue to the right and stop on the balcony.
The TV is set in the living room.
Go through the kitchen pass the fridge and to left then pass the stairs and stop in the circle on the floor right by the brown and black paintings on the wall.
Exit the bathroom into the bedroom, turn right to exit the bedroom through the doorway and into the hallway. Then turn left, walk down to the second stair and wait there by the first baluster.
Turn left and go down the hallway. After you pass the three large pots with the bushes Turn left and go into the living room. Turn right and pass the arch. Wait near the front door.
Walk out the door straight ahead and walk straight across the next room and enter the wood door. Once you enter, turn left and stop in the doorway facing the sinks.
Walk to the doorway and turn left.Turn right and walk by the glass wall into the hallway. Stop beside the paintings.
in the third position of the left side of the room,under the table,near the foot of a chair
You should leave the bathroom and go down the hallway to get to the bedroom. When you are in the bedroom take a left and walk out the door. You should wait just outside the bedroom doorway and beside a painting on each wall; there is also a doorway on the left.
Turn right and enter left side room and turn right again near table and chair.
The umberlla is in an office.
Walk forward and go around the dining table on the left side. Go straight through this room, and go to the wooden door leading to outside. Stop just before you are in the doorway.
Walk past the bed and dresser, into the hallway. Continue past the room with the pool and turn slightly left. Wait near the double doors.
Walk around the pool table and through the door in the middle of the hallway on the other side.  Stop just after entering the mini-theatre.
The wood is uesd to make a fire in a study.
Turn right at ropes and walk straight down hall to steps on left. Walk up steps and stop at the top of them.
above two sofa, next to a plant
The bedroom is on the left of the stairs, on the second floor and in the central of the corridor.
Head inside through the left doorway, turn right, wait near the stairs.
Go left into the bedroom and turn right. Go up to the top of the steps and stop on the rug.
next to the door of this room
Turn around and down the stairs. Turn right and walk across the kitchen. Turn left and wait by the small dining table.
Head into the bedroom, make a left through the doorway into the circle room and then make a right into the first doorway, step into the closet and wait.
The bed is on a carpet and between two table lamps.
Turn around, facing the table with three legs you can see. Move straight until you're standing just in front of it. Make a slight left to go around and just past the table, with the green window on your left. Move straight in front of the door and hang a slight right and stop at the corner of the green marbled table. Move straight, stop and wait halfway between the first two green marbled tables.
Facing the table-tennis table turn left and go straight through the room, until you see the pallet coffee table and stop near it.
FACING A WINDOW WITH TWO POTTED PLANTS TURN TO THE RIGHT SO THAT YOU FACE A HALLWAY WITH AN ARCHED DOORWAY, WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY THOUGHT THE DOORWAY, WALK TO THE END OF THE HALLWAY UNTIL THERE IS A STAIRCASE TO THE LEFT AND AN OPEN DOOR TO THE RIGHT AND IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK FORWARD TO THE OPEN DOOR AND INTO A SMALL ROOM WITH A BOOKCASE, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT SO YOU FACE A KITCHEN, WALK TO THE TABLE, TURN TO THE LEFT UNTIL YOU FACE AN EXERCISE ROOM AT THE BACK OF THE KITCHEN, WALK INTO THE EXERCISE ROOM.
Keep walking forward all the way until you see a bedroom visible. A white bed should be visible in front of you towards the very end of the corner. Enter inside, and stop there.
With the bed on your left, exit the bedroom and keep walking straight until you get to the stairs.  Go up the stairs and stop on the fourth step from the bottom.
Walk past the staircase.  The staircase will be on your right as you pass.  Continue to walk straight ahead past the dining table, which will also be on your right as you pass.  Stop when you get to the sink.  The sink will be on your left as you approach it.
Exit the room by going to the right. Then take the left most way and go right in the large hall. Then take another right, and another right to exit the house.
Walk through the doorway between the two white chairs on the porch, walk into the bedroom and walk through the doorway on your right hand side, walk through hallway and stop before the bathroom door.
Turn right and go through the hallway until you get to a room with pink couches. Wait near the fireplace.
The lamp is beside the outdoor swimming pool.
Go down the stairs and stop wen you are in the middle of the stairways. Turn right and go down the stairs towards the front door. Turn left and go towards the room with the desk and bookshelf. Your final destination is in the entryway of that room.
Turn around and walk towards the leftmost and farthest red chair in the room and wait there.
Head right gong around the glass windows towards the entrance to the house. Step into the house and stop.
The carbinet is at the corner of a bedroom with a blue carpet.
Take your first left and then take a right. Continue straight past the table and chairs. Take a right and wait in the doorway.
The shoebox is placed hard by the wall , opposite the big bed close to the door of big bedroom.
Walk down the tiled hallway. Pass the large mirror on the right. Wait by the small glass door.
The picture is set on the corridor.
Walk through the doorway in front of you. Once out turn right. Go across the large open room with the rug and enter the door straight in front of you. Once you enter the next room. Stop right before you get to the carpet.
Leave the bathroom and make a left in the hallway then make a right in the other hallway. Go inside the room and make a left to leave the room. Wait in the hallway in front of the first room on the right.
Facing the big mirror on the wall go left, go towards the stairs, go passed the stairs on the left and go straight until you reach the left of the beige couch and an end-table and then stop.
Walk out of the laundry room and turn right. Walk to the end of the hallway and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and stop in front of the bed.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk all the way down through the opening with an arch.  Walk to the middle of the kitchen and go through the doorway on the right next to the portrait. .
Walk forward and slightly left towards the exit doors and between the desks. Continue towards the exit doors past the "IMPACT HUB Trieste" sign on the left and proceed forward underneath the brick arched area. A few feet past the brick arched area walk straight towards the exit doors leading outside. Stop when you are standing between the steps and the desk with the white pail shaped trash can.
walk across the office to the lounge seats. Turn right into the 2nd door on the right. Enter the room and stop at the bench.
Walk through door and turn right. Go straight and turn left into the third door on the left.
There is  short desk near  the chair and a  picture near it.
Leave the massage room and take a right. Take a left and head down the hall and enter the room on the left. Stop inside the doorway for the reception area.
There are two tables, a sofa and recliner in the room.
Walk out the doorway, farthest to the left. Take a left, and walk straight down the hallway. Walk past the stairs, and walk into the room on the left and stop.
Go to the light switch. Go to the glass wall. Go to the hamper. Go to the round mosaic.
Walk forwards and enter the house. Stop just inside the house, past the door.
Walk out of the bedroom and wait in the doorway to outside that is on the left.
Move out of the bathroom through the wooden doorway. Make a sharp right towards the stairs. Go up the stairs two steps and wait.
Walk between the metal stove and white island until you get to the intersecting hallway on the left.  Turn left and enter that room, keeping the round table on your right.  Walk until you can see the staircase and walk towards it.  Face the staircase and walk up to the third step and stop.
The treadmill is in a gymnasium.
Turn around and walk out the double doors. Once out, turn left and walk down the hallway.Walk past the sitting area and then enter the next door on the right. Stop once you enter the room.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Head straight down the hallway, then enter the bedroom on the right.
Go down the stairs and down the dark brown hallway all of the way, and stop when you get near the end.
With the bed on your left walk straight and go up the stairs walking straight and stopping in the middle of the rug in the hallway across from the light switch on your left.
The bed is near the study and a wooden stair which in the corridor.
Walk forward along the balcony. Stop at the top of the stairs before you go down them.
Walk straight until you get to a poster on the left side of the wall of Pulp Fiction. Wait there.
TURN RIGHT TO FACE THE COUCH, WALK TO THE COUCH AND TURN LEFT. WALK TOWARD THE FIREPLACE, TURN LEFT AND WALK THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR, WALK FORWARD TO THE BENCH AND THE MIRROR.
With the counter on your right go straight down the hall and pass the room on your left take a right down the hall and go straight past the stairs on your right and walk into the entry way and stop once you enter the entry way before you reach the table.
Exit the laundry room and turn right. Go down the hall into the kitchen wait in the hallway across the kitchen to the right.
Turn left and walk into the house.  Wait near the front door.
Walk toward the door, then turn left. Walk past the stairs and past the first room on your right. Turn right into the second room on your right and wait.
The telephone in living room
Walk forward to the end of the mosaic tiles on the floor and turn right. Walk to the end of this passage and turn left, entering the room. Turn right and  walk forward until you reach the doorway to the right of the mirror.
next to the woody doors, below the mirror
Turn around and cross through the purple chairs. Turn left and stop by the box.
Turn around and turn left through the door. Continue until the next room and then stop.
The vase is above the table and below the flowers.
The book is set on a brown desk which is close to the wall.
walk straight away from the door to the outside, past the kitchen on the left and stairs on the right, walk into the room straight ahead and stop once you make it in the room.
Make a right from the door facing the gold couch and go down the long narrow hallway. Go down the hall until you see a room with steps then make a right so you in front of the door on the right side of the room. Go through that door and wait by the big mirror and fireplace.
under a  clock, in front of a table
Exit the door and turn right immediately. Walk up the small three steps, and stop at the top of the stairs.
walk down the marble hallway, straight down the stairs and stop next to the chair.
Walk up the stairs and turn right at the landing.  Enter door at the top under the ceiling light and enter a room with a spiral staircase.  Stop before going up the stairs.
Walk into the kitchen, go past the glass door and continue past the counter. Exit the kitchen and stop beside the sink.
on the wall, next to a massage bed
Go past the sinks and around the corner towards some class shelves.  Wait there.
pass floor plants and exit through door, go downstairs and enter room on left.
The table is in the kitchen on the first floor.
Move through the bathroom to your slight right and stop once you've exited the bathroom, next to the mirror.
Walk down stairs, turn left at the bottom of the  stairs, go straight, turn left into the living room area, walk to wards the piano and stop beside the piano.
Walk around the back of the couch and make a left then walk past the white table and into the hallway.  Make a left and step into the doorway of the dinning room and wait there.
Turn hard left into the first doorway, then exit the office through the first door on the right and promptly turn left. Pass the bathroom area and into the closet. Wait near the shelving.
Walk forward right of the stair well and left of the sitting area with the TV. Make a right 45 degree turn at the column and walk to the table in the corner.
Turn to your left and walk to the top of the stairs.  Go down the stairs. Walk forward until you reach the guitar and the Einstein portrait and turn left.  Wait in the doorway to the bedroom in front of you.
The laptop is located in a study.
in the middle of the whole wall
Exit through the door left of the guitar.  Turn left after you exit the room and walk forward.  Stay left and walk towards the leather couches.  Wait by sink.
Walk towards the front entrance and turn left into the sitting area. Go up the first set of steps and wait in the bedroom.
Go to the right of the white bookcase. Keep going through the archway until you reach the green vase.
Walk towards the "exit" sign and turn right.  Keep walking and stop once you have passed the copy machine.
Go up the stairs. Stop at first doorway on the right.
Walk along the very long dining table into the middle of the room and wait.
Walk past two leather chairs, towards three hardwood steps. Walk up the three steps and down the hallway towards the bathroom walk into the bathroom and stop just past the sink.
The washroom is inside the bright bedroom, which is on the left of the stairs, in the central of the corridor and on the second floor.
Turn around and take a left at the bathroom. Turn right. Turn left when you get to the stairs and wait in the doorway to the room with big open space.
Walk around the front of the dining table to the left side, past the Christmas tree and desk. Stand in front of the radiator and window.
Walk out of the door on the right. Make a slight right turn and stand by the banister.
Walk past fireplace.Make a left before kitchen. Walk through bedroom. Wait at threshold of bathroom door.
in the middle of two identical sinks; opposite a shower cubicle;
Walk along the walkway between the building and the grass. Stop at the corner of the building near the barbecue area.
Walk forward through the bedroom and past the dresser on the right. Go straight past the chair and take a left and go into the long closet on the left next to the mirror.
Walk toward the bench and turn right.  Walk through the door way, and walk down the steps. Turn left into the wine cellar. Stop in front of the boxes.
Walk up stairs. Make a left at the top of the landing. Walk past the framed artwork on the left. Walk into the bedroom. Make a left into the closet. Wait at the garment bag handing on the rod.
Go straight down the hallway. Turn left and wait near the beds.
Exit the bathroom door and turn right. Walk to the bedroom door and exit through it. Turn left and go down the hallway.  Take one step through the door to your right which is the dining room. Stop right there.
The chair is set in the corner of the spacious office.
Walk into the room to the right of the end table and past the bookshelf. Walk through the entryway on the right and into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Exit bathroom, go passed bed, turn left at brown double doors and stop.
Walk across the balcony past the chairs and into the bedroom. walk to the left of the bed. Walk into the closet and stop.
Exit the bathroom.Turn right. Wait next to the foot of the bed.
The office is along the road to the stairs of the exit and close to the corner of a junction of three roads.
Climb down the steps and go into the living room, Turn right twice and stand in the doorway on the landing.
The drawer is in a wide and empty storeroom on the second room.
Go right around the table and wait by the black drawer.
belongs to a corner of a hallway.
next to two beds, another lamp with the same color and shape and the armoire
The table is set between two beige sofas and near two beige cuboid chairs.
Enter the building, walk through the kitchen, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink.
Go down the hall and into the bedroom on the right. Wait in the en suite bathroom.
Exit the room. Turn left and to into the room next door. Turn right into the bathroom. Pass the sinks and go into the other bedroom. Wait near the entrance.
Go into the dining room. Go to the China cabinet.
Enter the bedroom door to the left of the red artwork, continue left, and leave the bedroom onto the balcony.
on the far right of this row;
Go down the stairs and turn right. Walk straight past the long table. Stop in front of the sink.
The bottle is on a table and near two red chairs.
Walk forward into the room ahead. Once in turn left and walk towards the thermostat on the wall. Once you reach the thermostat, turn right and then turn left and enter the white door straight ahead and stop.
the bedroom is next to a corridor  and near aother bedroom and a stair.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and then right again. Turn left and wait near the fridge.
next to the refrigerator, next to a white door
The massage bed is put in a sauna.
After you go down the stairs turn slightly right go past the elevator and go into the third door on the right. Turn right and go into the bathroom and wait by the toilet.
Go through the kitchen and wait in the archway between the two sitting areas.
under the table,in front of a chair and between two cabinets on the floor
Walk around the bed, and leave the bedroom. Take the first right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower.
set in a dull corner of the room.
Walk past the TV through the living room. and take a right behind the far couch. Stop behind the couch in front of the mottled painting.
The cabinet is above the flower. The sink is next to the flower.
A wardrobe is on its right side, and it face the window.
The piano is near a dining room.
From the stairs take a right and go into the sitting room straight ahead. In the sitting room walk to the rear and take a right into the small room on the right. Stop once you have entered the small room.
Walk through the open door towards the glass walled office rooms. Turn right and walk down the hall towards the exit sign.
next to the staircase and the plaid sofa
Exit the room and walk straight across the next room. Wait in front of the bathroom.
Walk down the hallway and turn right. Pass by the entry doors and wait outside of the dining room by the end of the partition.
There is a big sofa and a table in the living room.
Walk towards the bathroom, turn left before reaching it. Go towards the big rug and walk to the left side of the room. Stand in the doorway of the room on the left side of the two chairs next to the big rug.
Walk straight and into the door on the slight right.  Go straight and down the steps. Turn left into the second opening and then turn right and wait near the entrance.
Turn left and exit out the door beside the TV to the left. Walk into the kitchen and go towards the right. Stop facing the 2 large double cabinets at the end of the kitchen to your right.
Walk into the kitchen, and go into the hall between the refrigerator and the outdoor cooking area. In the hall go straight into the bedroom across the hall. Take a left into the bathroom through the last door on the left.
below a wooden holder; towards a mirror with black frames.
Leave the kitchen through the door on the left of the refrigerator. Stop in front of the far door to the wine room.
Turn right at the corner in front of the stairs. Enter inside, and turn left walking towards the dining table. Walk forward, and enter another room. Walk, and turn right towards the living room, and stop there.
Exit the room. Walk to the edge of the pool and follow the right edge of it. When you reach the far end of it with the ladder, turn right and exit the swimming pool room. Stand in the doorway and wait.
The stove is in the kitchen on the ground floor.
Exit the room through the rightmost doorway. Turn left and then immediately right walk towards the house entrance. Wait by the carpet.
Stay on the tile and walk to the sitting area on the patio. Stop between the first set of pillars behind the patio chair.
Walk through the living room passed the arm chairs and television. Walk through the door on the other side of the room that opens into the dining room. Walk passed the table and stairs into the hallway that leads to a bathroom.
Walk past the water cooler and out the door. Turn right and stop in front of the round desk.
Walk into the house, take a right and go through the house, entering the first bedroom directly ahead.
Leave the room and go into the hall. In the hall take a left. In the next hall enter the bedroom that is the second door on your right. Stop at the foot of the bed.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Wait on the welcome mat.
The elevator is in a bar.
Go up the steps, then go up the next set of steps to the left, and enter the room where there is a break in the stairs. Stand in this doorway of the room with the large fireplace.
The chair is settled in the center of a big bedroom.
Cross the room and exit through the middle door. Stop near the table in the middle of the room.
Walk into the room on the left. Walk out the door on the left and wait on the porch.
between a door and a wall, under another hinge
Walk around the peninsula, stop in the corridor and wait near the bar stools.
Walk up the stairs. Walk straight and turn right before the descending set of stairs. Wait by the ascending staircase.
Walk around the bed and into the open door on the opposite side. Walk straight ahead to the open door. Turn left and enter the laundry room.
follow concrete path to  2 pillars, turn left and stop in front of sliding glass door.
Go straight until you get to the table and chairs then turn left and go down the stairs. Turn right and go down three steps then stop.
Turn around and enter the house through the sliding glass doors, turn right, then walk straight past the counter until you come to a door on your left. Turn Left and go through the door. Wait near coat hanger.
Turn to the left and walk towards the sink.  Turn to the left and walk past the counter and the shower.  Walk just to the doorway of the bedroom and then stop.  Wait there.
The livingroom is on the third floor, beside the kitchen and next to the stairs.
Walk along the balcony with the railing on your left. Walk past the bistro table on the left and stop.
The table is placed in front of the chair and the cabinet.
The cup is set in a small kitchen.
enter house, turn right, turn right again and stop next to table.
The vase is near a bedroom and a corridor.
in the center of the room
The sofa is placed in the middle of a big and bright living room.
Walk down the stairs an take a right into the foyer. in the foyer walk toward the living room, but take a right instead of entering the living room. take another right and enter the room with the television. Stop once you enter the room and stand in the doorway.
Go straight until you pass the bar with the chairs. Turn left when you get to the stairs. Turn slightly left and continue down the hallway. Wait near the fireplace on the right.
Go on floor runner and turn left. Go through the entrance way and wait by the striped chair.
The stone is placed on a tall yellow stool in front of a television.
walk straight then then stop at the living room.
There is a balcony in the bedroom and the door is not very big.
Walk past the three chairs on the left and turn right. Walk past the altar and stop by the chairs on the right.
Exit the bedroom through the door left of the guitar. Turn left and head through the archway. Turn right toward the front door. Enter the doorway to the right of the front door leading to the office area. Stop there.
The sculpture is near a kitchen.
Walk out of the room through the door on the right. Turn right and follow the wall past the bathroom door. Wait near the wooden railings.
Go out of the bedroom door and down the hall along the rug. Keep going past the second picture to the door and into the bedroom with the bed with a blue blanket. wait there.
Walk forward, around the black leather chair on the left. Continue forward past the dining table and wait at the entrance to the kitchen.
Travel up the stairs. Once at the top turn left and go through the second door way and wait.
at the entrance of a small room used for massage.
This area is next to a small room with cabinets.
Exit massage room into exercise room. Walk into door on the right, stop at locker area.
Exit the room using the door on the left then turn right and go down the stairs. Go down three steps then stop.
Walk out of the kitchen and toward the dining room. Walk past the chair and through the entryway on the right. Walk into the doorway of the bedroom and stop.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk across the foyer to the table in the center. Turn right. Walk towards the staircase towards the right side of the entry door. Wait at the bottom of the stairway.
Go toward the table with the white tablecloth and continue past the first black bench. Take a right and face the doorway.
Go towards the beach sign, right at the doorway, then right before the bed and passed the bed and green chair and into the archway then stop.
Walk around the dining room table to your right, past the stairs into the bathroom on your left.
Walk past the couches and the television. Stop just inside the hallway.
Leave the living room by taking a right, and going up the stairs. On the landing take a left and enter the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Turn left, walk towards the black sign and turn right into the doorway. Turn left and enter bathroom.
Turn around and walk all the way down alongside the table you were beside to the other end. Stop in front of the 2 wooden chairs at the other end.
Exit the room and go down the hallway. After you pass the five pink paintings on the wall turn left and wait by the dining room table and chairs.
The lamp is on the bedside table, next to the bed
Walk out of the bathroom and stop in front of the bookshelf.
Flowers are on the table.
Take a sharp left through the door leading outside. Turn left on the deck and walk down the steps. Wait at the bottom of the steps.
The living room is next to the dining room and the balcony.
The box is placed near a small conference room and a big conference room.
Turn around and wait next to the table with the bamboo plant.
Walk through the open double entry doors to the home. Turn left and walk through the first arched door with an statue bust near the doorway. Walk into the hallway.
The bathroom is next to a storeroom and is on the top of a kitchen.
The room is next to a row of lockers,behind the food bar and near the resting area.
The television is opposite to a brown table and a green sofa and above a beige cabinet.
Move towards the pool by following the blue dots. Do not move the furniture.
Walk through all the chairs turning slightly right and wait in the open area next to the sign.
Go straight and slightly right to go into the right arch. Pass the couches and go straight and go into the arch and stand by the white table and chairs.
The book is at the corner of the  white table and on the left of the document holder.
Leave the sitting area and take a left. Go down the hall towards the stairs. Pass the stairs and go to the sitting area near the fireplace. Stop next to the round end table.
Walk left and up to the top of the staircase. Go straight into the door at the top of the stairs and stop by the sink.
on the left of the baffle,in the cabinet drawer and under the display and some pens
Move forward to stand in front of the book case. Move to stand facing the arch way of the great room and then move through it. Then move forward to face the nearest dining table.
The cabinet is near a study and a corridor on the second floor.
Leave the bathroom and go into the hall and take a left. Go straight down the this hall and go into the massage room that is the second door on the left. Stop once you are between the two beds.
Walk across the room and wait by the open door.
Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway. Enter the attic and stop in the middle of the room.
Go to the bed. Exit the bedroom. Go straight into the next room.
there is a small toilet
Walk across room to hallway on left follow red rug to two large pillars and turn left. Stop at top of steps.
Enter the house and enter the bedroom on your left. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk through the doorway and turn right. Walk to the end of the hallway and turn right. Go into the bedroom and wait by the bed.
Walk past the refrigerator to the doorway on the left. Go outside through the door stand in front of the next doorway on the balcony.
Leave the bathroom and walk to the right. Enter the massage room that is the last door on your right. Walk into the room that is the farthest right and stop inside, the room next to the door.
Walk past the table and desktop computer. Exit room through the white double doors and turn right. Walk past the framed newspaper articles. Turn through the doorway on the left and wait.
next to stairs, near a bookshelf
Walk into the bedroom and through the door on the right. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk to the hallway and take a right. At the end of the hall take another right into the bedroom and stop beside the nightstand.
leaning against the window and the book shelf and on the right of a dustbin
Walk straight past the table and chairs. Go straight until you get to a statue on the left. Wait there.
Walk out of the office heading to the table. Take a right and go to the sitting area. Stop in front of the couch.
Turn to the right   Walk through the double doors to the right.  Turn right again and walk past the couch, through the kitchen area.  And on into the bedroom.  Stop there.  Wait.
Walk through the doorway next to the saxophone and turn left. Go down the stairs and stop at the bottom of them.
Walk around the table on the left side. Leave the dining room and enter the salon through the double doors on the left of the table. Stop once you enter the room.
The chair is set next to a blue and brown bed and near three white doors.
Exit the closet and go out the right door. Turn right and walk forward towards bookcase with the bear. Stop when you see the cabinet and the stuff bear on the right and wait here.
Go down the hallway and head to the stairs. Head down the first section of stairs, then head down the second section of stairs and stop on the landing.
Under the mirror is the sink, with one towel on each side
Tissue In the bathroom
Leave the bedroom and turn right.  Walk past the stairs and bike and enter the room on the opposite side.  Stop in the doorway of this room.
The yogamat is in a small gym with wood floor.
a small room equipped with two washing sinks and a narrow bed.
The cabinet is under the many books and near a black sofa.
Walk through the arched entryway into the living room area. Turn the corner to the right and walk down the hall. Walk towards the next arched entryway with art hanging on the wall near it. Turn the corner and walk through the first open door on the right into a bedroom with floral bedspread blanket.
under a vase and is next to a sofa
The area is next to the living room and the dining room.
at the entrance of this bath center;
Enter the house and walk up three stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Exit the room and go forward. Stop in the doorway of the room at the end of the hall.
Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to a room. Wait near the chairs on the left.
Walk forward all of the way up the stairs, then turn to the right to an open doorway.  Go through the doorway, veering to the left where you'll see a large bedroom, wait there.
The table is on the first floor living room.
Walk down the stairs. Turn right and walk across the hall past the open room and enter the room to your left.
Go forward past the couch, then turn right through the big doorway into the room with the white tile floor. Advance past the mirror on the left side wall. Turn right through the open doorway and wait there.
beside two sofas and an end table; on the right of the door;
Walk toward the office and turn right out of the bedroom into the bathroom. Walk through the second door on the left and stop by the toilet.
With the office chair behind you, turn right and walk down the hallway.  Stop once you are underneath the "exit" sign.
The lamp is set in the bedroom.
The stool is between the table and the pillar.
next to a big yellow picture, next to three transparent and white bottle
Turn around and exit the bedroom into the hallway.  Turn right and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The bed is located in the bright bedroom.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom and take a right. Walk through the doorway and wait next to the lockers.
Head outside the bedroom, make a left and go straight through the doorway, wait near bed.
Go straight past the fireplace then turn right. Go straight through the hall. Wait near the chairs and table on the left.
Move forward towards the door to exit the room. Go through the door and go left. Wait in the hallway.
The cloth is above a white box,on the right of the cabinet and on the left of a desk.
The flower is in the bathroom.
Walk out the double wooden doors in front of you. Once out, turn right. Keep walking straight and stop at the bottom of the steps.
Turn left and walk into the room. Walk to the left side of the room and out the door to your right. Stop once you are outside.
walk through the door past the sculpture and ithrough the room with a red rug, through the double doors and face a picture with the zebras.
This area has a fan in the center and two pictures on the wall.
Walk across the hallway to the door on the other side. Walk through the room passed the large table in the middle. Walk through the doors near the wall with the wooden plaques holding brass art. Walk into the storage closet area through the door.
Facing the three archways go forward and immediately right, go through the rectangular archway and go into the first room on your left, go along the table, and stop at the chairs.
walk down the hall past the double glass doors on your left. Stop after entering the doorway at the end of the hall.
a hallway leading to a small bathing pool;
The shower is in a small bathroom on the second floor.
There is a woody  statue near the fan and some bottles near it.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Turn right and stop just inside the bathroom.
The cabinet is set near a woody door.
Go around the bed and turn right down the long hallway. Turn right into the first open door.
Stand so the sink and mirror is behind you and walk out into the hallway.  When you reach the sink on the counter in the hallway, turn left.  When you pass the counter, turn right and exit the building outside.  Walk with the railing on your left and turn into the first door on the right.  Pass in front of the desk and walk through the door on the right of the lighthouse painting.  Stop after passing through this doorway.
Go up the steps and straight until you pass the hallway. Stop near the long table with the black chairs.
Go around the metal wall on the left and exit onto the patio. Step off the patio into the dirt. Stop next to the two large boulders.
Walk past the fireplace to the right and enter the bathroom hallway.  Stand near the entrance of the men's room.
The lamp is in a small office.
Walk toward the chairs and turn right. Walk past the chairs and up the stairs into the kitchen. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk through kitchen past yellow cabinets and go left at the door, wait by water heater.
Exit the shower turn left and then when you get to the tub turn left again. Wait near the bathroom sink.
The power switch is placed between the poster and the door.
Exit the bathroom toward the room then turn right and exit the room and then turn left and go into the room next door and wait near the bed.
The room is nearly at the end of a corridor ,next to a hollow office,and faces the stairs of exit at a slant.
Exit the bedroom and take a left. Enter the laundry room and wait there.
Walk forward and slightly left. Walk near the fountains, next to the lounge chairs. Wait near the pool steps.
Some eggs and food are put on the table.
Walk forward and then turn left. Once out of the hallway, turn right. Exit the kitchen and stop once you pass the oven and are facing into the next room.
face a sofa, right under the switch and the thermostat.
Walk in the direction of the couch, and walk out of the living room. In the hallway take a left and then a right into another hall. Enter the bedroom through the first door on your left and stop in the doorway.
The mirror is in the master bedroom.
the living room is next to a rest room ,a dining room and a balcony.
Exit room, and make a right to go down corridor.  Pass the Christmas tree, and enter the room straight ahead.  Wait by mirror.
Turn right and wait at the end of the hall.
The bed is by the window and by the toilet.
Walk to the end of the table and turn right and enter the sitting room. Once you enter the sitting room turn right and head into the bathroom in front of the sink.
Walk forward out of the bathroom into the hallway. In the hallway take a right and walk past the living room. Once past the living room take a left at the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop on the third step from the bottom.
The sofa is opposite to a big beige sofa, on the right side of a brown wooden table and near two cuboid chairs.
Turn left after the wooden crate. Walk past the glass walls on the left. Go down the left staircase and stop on the bottom step.
There is a picture outside the toilet.
Go into the bedroom withe the black bed, and through the door that leads to the stairs. Go down three stairs.
The plant is placed in a tearoom.
Go past the bed, and into the room on the right. Take a right into the bathroom. Take the first left into the closet. Stop once you pass the door.
Walk up the stairs and make a sharp turn right past the bear. Walk forward past the fireplace. Walk up to the third step and stop.
The sofa is settled near a transparent oval table and opposite to a long black sofa.
Walk counter clockwise around the couch and stop on the right side of the fireplace in front of a cabinet with crosses on it.
Continue down the hallway to the left of the stairs then when you get to the end turn left and go into the room. Wait near the TV.
Leave the room and leave the adjacent room.  Turn right and wait in the entrance to the balcony.
Turn around and walk down the remainder of the steps, head slightly to the left and then make your way through the door, continue to walk until you see a door, turn hard left towards the door and stop.
There's a outlet on its left, and two small plant surround it,
walk away from the drumset, walk past one doorway on your left and walk through the second doorway on your left. Stop once inside.
The photo is near a toilet.
go up steps, and through hall way, turn left at end of hallway.
Turn approximately 90 degrees toward the right. Exit the bedroom. Move slightly to the left. Walk through the hallway towards the common area. Turn right. Wait under the archway by the dining area.
The chair is close to the white sofa and the desk.
Walk through the closet and go through the door into the bedroom. Walk towards the end of the bed and through the french doors on your left.  Walk across the room with the dinette table on your left and the living room chairs on your right.  Stop at the spot where the chair is on your right and the door on your left.
Turn to the right and walk down the table towards the tall lamp in the corner of the room.  Go around the end of the table then walk directly out the the end of the large table in the middle of the room.   Once you get to the end of the table, you will be beside two black chairs.  Walk to the middle of the hallway made by the two large tables in the middle of the room and stop.
The bed next to the drawer, near the chair. Three pillows on it.
Turn left and exit the room to the left side into the large open room. Go across the room and past the pool. Once past the pool. Turn right and stop in the doorway facing the lobby area.
Exit the elevator. Turn left and go all of the way up the stairs to the top. enter the door on the left and go to the backgammon board.
The table is set in the spacious livingroom.
Walk down the stairs and continue down the hallway that is ahead and to the left. Walk past the stairs and turn left. Wait near the doorway to the bathroom in the next hallway.
Walk forward through the middle of the room. Stop near the ping pong table.
Walk to the right of the pool table. Turn right and go to the top of the stairs. Go down the staircase.
walk through the doorway closer to the dresser,  past a vase with white flowers into a wet bar area. Keep walking towards the couch and through the double doors behind the couch.
Walk away from the bed towards the sofa. Move towards the round glass table with the black chairs around it. Stop near the table.
Walk forward with the banister on your right. Stop in front of the plants on the left of the stairwell.
Go forward with the hutch on your right, then go into the room on your right. Turn slightly left and go through the doorway to the left of the stairs. Continue forward through the second doorway, then stop.
Walk through bathroom doorway, walk straight down hallway to bedroom straight ahead, walk straight through bedroom to just infront of the bathroom, turn around and walk out the room, walk straight into first door on the left and stop.
Walk between the two columns. Walk past the altar on the right. Wait at the wall mural of Daniel on the right.
Turn left. Go forward down the corridor. Stop in front of the bedroom door at the end of the corridor.
Go in the doorway straight ahead and stop to the left of the grand table.
Go around the plastic spray booth making a right turn towards the garage doors. Make a right and walk towards the small doorway. Wait there in front of the open door.
Go to the couch on the patio. Enter the house into the kitchen. Go to the stove in the room next to the kitchen.
The painting is near a bedroom and a laundry.
With the sliding glass door to your right, move forward until you reach the threshold of another set of sliding glass doors that are perpendicular to your orientation.
Turn to your right and exit through the double white doors. Once out, Turn to your right and head towards the long hallway. Right when you start to enter the hallway and there is a door to the left and right, turn to the left and enter the room. Stop when you walk in and are facing both the small and large table.
The toilet is in a toilet.
Walk towards the table. Turn right walk through the hall. Turn right and wait by the door just before the washing machines.
Walk through the open door and turn right. Walk up the stairs. Walk up more stairs to the right. Wait at the first landing.
Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk around the bed and exit the room through the far door. Turn left and then turn right after the large mirror on the wall. Wait near the double doors.
Go into the kitchen and through the doorway on the left. Wait inside the dining room.
The swimming pool is in a gymnasium.
Go right down the hall. Turn left at the first hallway on your left. Wait at the beginning of the hallway.
next to a woody bed, face a window with blue curtain
Turn right and walk to the cabinet with a glass top and turn left right before it. Walk forward and then enter the single door to the left of the double doors. Stop once you enter the hallway and there is a doorway on your left.
on the cabinet, next to the rectangular painting
Go down the stairs on the left. Walk straight and wait near the couches.
Exit the garage through the white door and go straight forward into the next room and stop.
Walk straight of of this bedroom and make a right and you will find another with a teddy bear on the bed.
Walk around the piano and out the room.  Turn left and go down the stairs leading down.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs, in front of the mirror.
Walk through the double doors and past the stairs. Wait inside the pool room door.
Walk forward past vanity. Turn left and exit through door. Stop at pool.
next to a glass door, on the left of a small table, under the picture, facing a bed
Take a slight left. Walk into large area with tables. Stop by table with black chairs.
the lamp is on a long square table and surrounded by 3 chairs
The chair is near a desk and near a wooden door.
Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom, exit the bedroom, walk down the hallway to the first door across from the cabinets, wait in the doorway.
Walk forward toward the dining table. Go the living room area, and stop in front of the sliding glass door.
Walk past the Jacuzzi and pool, enter the building through the door on the right. Wait inside the door near the table.
The bar is in a vast lobby.
Walk past the television and couch and into the hallway. Turn left and stop in front of the bathroom.
Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Stand next to the empty bedroom.
The flower is placed on the table against the wall facing the door.
Exit the door, and walk all the way forward. Pass the entire carpet and picture frames on the wall. Turn left towards the room that is first visible, and stop there.
Walk past wall sconces. Wait at bathroom vanity.
Walk around the table to the right. Cross the foyer and into the office. Wait near the desk.
Exit butler's pantry to kitchen and walk to dining room. Turn right and stop on stairs.
Walk from bathroom through bedroom and into hall. Turn left and walk into bathroom on the right. Stop at blue vase.
Go straight down the hallway and into the room at the end. Turn left into the bathroom and stop.
The cabinet is in a big living room.
Turn around and walk straight ahead towards the glass doors with 3 lines on them. Walk through the doors and turn left. Enter the double wooden doors straight ahead and stop.
Go to the left of the counter with the sink on it, go towards the dark grey couch, go around the couch to the left of it, and step into the left opening to the outside area and stop.
Go up the stairs, and onto the landing. At the top of the stairs take a left, then a right into the first doorway into a small hallway. Stop in the middle of the hallway outside of the bathroom.
Walk through the living room area and into the sun room area with round dining table and chairs. Walk past the book shelf. Continue down the room past the floor rugs and open doors. Walk into the kitchen area and stop near the refrigerator.
Walk out of the living room and kitchen. Go into the bedroom on the left of the refrigerator. In the bedroom enter the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk down the hall past the living room on your right, and the kitchen on your left. Stop in the hall next to the thermostat before you reach the bathroom.
Exit the empty room. Turn right. Take the first left at the Exit sign. Stop there.
A small pool is next to it. Two deck chairs face the pool. A table surrounded with several chairs near it.
The book is under a cap and on top of the table surrounded by three chairs.
Turn left and then turn right after the table and chairs. Turn left when you get to the counter and wait there in the hallway.
With the windows showing the pool outside to your left, walk forward, through the opening at the end of the hallway, then take a sharp right turn through a doorway onto carpeting. After you step onto the carpeting, enter the bedroom towards your immediate left.
Walk past the sink and stove and turn right at the end of the counter top. Walk forward and turn left into the first doorway. Walk past the stairs and wait in the entryway.
Walk out of the bedroom. go down the hallway past the stairs and bathroom. Stop in the second bathrooms doorway on your right.
walk away from the couch, and out the door that leads outside walk to the right of the couch and enter through the doorway leading into the kitchen, Stop in the middle of the doorway.
Exit the bathroom and walk past the couch. Exit the room with the couch and wait in front of the door.
Enter the house and go towards the living room. Take a left at the stairs and walk down the hall and enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the room once you are past the door.
Walk outside and turn right. Walk right past the recliners and stop behind the couch.
Move behind the chairs and desks, keeping the glass on the right.  Wait by the short white shelf on the right.
Exit the bar area. Turn left and walk down the hall, then turn right. Walk slightly to the left, toward the stairs. Wait by the stairs.
The painting is in a big office.
Move forward with the shelves of shoes to your right. Turn right when you reach the shelves with sweaters. Move forward and pass the gym equipment to your left. Turn left when you reach the doorway to the bathroom on the right. Move forward and stop just after you pass the light switches to your right.
The chair is set on the sunny balcony.
Go towards the front door and head right down the hall. Take the door on the right and stop in the study.
Exit the bedroom, walk to the mirror at the top of the stairs, enter the foyer, wait at the front door of the house.
There is a washing machine and a dryer under the cabinet.
Walk toward the wooden stairs that go up. Before the stairs, turn right through the double doors and stop in the doorway.
Walk down the hall then turn right and walk past the fireplace with the TV above it. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Enter the building through the sliding doors near you and continue forward with couch to your right. Continue past the kitchen on your left and stop in front of the stairs on your right.
Go to the right of the table and continue going. Stop near the sixth chair.
The dining room is on the third floor, next to the balcony and kitchen and next to a livingroom.
The hall is at the left rear corner of the stairs.
Turn around until you face the door. Move next to the sink, then angle slightly right and move to the open door frame. When you're standing in it, angle slightly right again and move toward the bed. Turn to the right, and move towards the first open door you see, moving into it. Make another slight right, continuing towards the open white door you see and moving straight through the door. Stop and wait halfway to the next door, just before the mirror and dresser.
Take a left and walk out of the room. Wait by the doorway that goes outside to the pool on the right.
The toilet is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
Turn around and walk through the hallway to the next set of hall columns before you get the art prints.
The screen is placed on a yellow table and in front of a black chair,near a white calculator.
The chair is next to another chair.  The chair is near a table.
Enter the doorway and walk towards the brown recliner. Continue past the recliner and walk towards the arcade machine. Turn left in front of the arcade machine and enter the doorway on the right.
Turn slightly left and enter the doorway closest to you on the right. Walk towards the blue carpet and turn slightly left again. Enter the middle doorway going outside. Wait there.
Turn around and walk forward down the hallway all the way to the other end and make a slight right to keep following the hallway. Stop in the hallway beside the small refrigerator.
Walk down the hall and up three stairs, stopping in the doorway near some water.
Turn left, walk past the Pool table and enter the bedroom on the left. Wait near the closet door.
Turn right, then turn left and walk through the dining area. Turn right into the kitchen. Wait by the sconce.
Go inside and through the doorway to the right of the blue painting, and stop after a few feet, to the side of the oven.
The picture is settled in the corner of a kitchen on the first floor.
The window belongs to the meeting area.
Go into the hallway and turn to the left.  Enter the den and then turn right.  You'll continue that way until you reach a master bathroom area.  You'll stop by the first double sink you come to.  Wait there.
The table is located in the kitchen.
Walk out of the room and into the hallway. Turn the corner to the left and walk down the hall past the glass walls towards the exit sign. Turn left into the next hallway at the exit sign and walk down towards the open office doors ahead.
There is a big bed and pictures in the bed.
Turn around and go down a long hallway.  Stay on the runner.  Go up a few steps.  when you get to the top of the stairs, that's where you will wait.
Enter the kitchen via the nearest entrance and turn left once you reach the kitchen island. Continue forward to exit the kitchen and stop in front of the flat screen display on your left.
The vase is set in a corner ,next to a fire extinguisher and a door.
Walk past the couch and television into the hallway. Walk into the room across on the left and turn left. Walk past the table and chairs and turn right. Walk into the room to the right of the stick decoration and stop.
Walk up the stairs, and take a left towards the room. Stop when you are  in the middle of the doorway.
next to the table and the wash basin
Exit through doorway directly left of the Ballroom. Walk down corridor. Take a slight left. Stop when Main Restaurant becomes visible.
Exit the room and turn left. Walk toward the pool. Stop between the pool and treadmill.
This area connects with a sauna room and has massage beds.
Facing the fireplace, turn right and go past the timber pillars. Continue until you're next to the wall in front of an abstract sculpture of wooden furniture pieces and hardware.
Walk forward into the work space and go down the second set of black stairs on your left. walk around the easel and stop next to the unicycle.
beside a table, in front of the bed
Walk through the door and into the hallway. Continue out into the open room and walk around the banister rail into the room. Walk towards the nearest round table and then continue across the room towards the first set of two chars near against the wall. Continue along the wall to the banister on the other side of the stairwell and stop near the arched doorway.
Go to the door. Go to the railing. Go to the exercise bike. Go down one stair.
Exit the room using the door on your right then turn left and walk down the hallway until you get to the living room with tv and couches. Wait there.
Walk forward with three wooden chairs on your left. Turn left at the end of the hall, and go through that door. Turn left again, and go through that door. You will end up in a kitchen.
in front of the screen,between the mouse and a water bottle, on the white desk
Make a right, then make a other right, enter the bedroom, walk past bed and enter bathroom and wait.
Exit the bathroom and take a short dogleg to the right, the stop after entering the room ahead.
Leave the bathroom and go out of the bedroom into the hall. In the hall take a sharp left and go into the bedroom on the left of the double door closet. In the bedroom stop at the foot of the bed.
Exit the room and after you pass the black chair turn right then go out the large glass door on your right.
Walk out the door in front of you. Keep walking and enter the door across the patio. Enter the door and then turn right and exit the wood door. Keep walking straight until you are back outside facing the furniture and the yard.
The table is in a beadroom with a blue carpet.
The penholder is put on the table in a study.
The light is placed next to the hall and a tearoom.
The bar has decorations on the wall and stairs in the corner.
Walk straight out office door. Walk past three white vases. Make right at wall art. Wait at bedroom door.
The chair is near a living room and a toilet.
Go straight down the hallway. Pass the stairs on the right. Continue straight until you go into a room. Wait near the bed.
The cabinet is placed high against the ceiling in the kitchen.
Go to the first sink Go to the second sink Go to the painting Go to the beach painting Go to the doorknob.
Turn right and walk into the main area. Then climb up a few stairs and wait there.
Turn to the right and walk by the base of the chairs.  Continue on towards the house.  When you are about 5 feet away from the house, please stop.  Wait.
Walk past the foot of the bed and the tub and stand between the two chairs in front of the glass doors to the deck.  Stop just before stepping onto the deck.
Go through the door that leads to the stairs, go up the staircase, turn right to enter the outdoor area, and wait there.
under the stone table, next to the cabinet, among the three stools and first from left
Leave the bedroom and go up the stairs then make a left turn and go up the set of stairs. Go in the room at the top of the steps and wait.
Go through the hallway with the pictures to your right into the room with the square pattern on the floor. Cross the square diagonally and stop in the doorway where the four hangings are.
Exit the laundry room then turn left to go into the bedroom. Turn right into the small camera room. Wait by a white panel with lots of cables hanging out.
Go down the stairs to the next floor. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The tea room is next to an exit and opposite to a small resting area.
The television is hanged on the center of the wall of the room
Go up the stairs and follow the hallway to the left.  Enter the first bedroom with a white bed and walk towards the bathroom on your left.  Stop in front of the doorway that leads to the toilet.
The books are in a big living room.
The mirror is aet behind the tiger skin rug, near a blue leather sofa and between two windows.
walk away from bathtub, turn slight right and walk towards bed, turn left and walk through double doors before you pass the fireplace, walk down staircase straight ahead, turn right, walk down three steps and stop.
The cabinet is to the right of the window and above the table.
Walk past the desk station on your left and make a left. Walk past the large vases on the right and make a right through the glass door. Walk into the room with the products.
These pillows is in a dining room.
Exit the room.  Turn right and go through the arched doorway. Go and stop at the top of the nearest side of the stairs.
Enter the kitchen area and turn right. Exit the kitchen area. Take the first door to the right and enter the bedroom. Walk toward the window. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop there.
Walk towards kitchen.  Turn left into hallway.  Enter first door on left.  Wait by gold cushions.
Cross the room with the table to the left, go near the three chairs across the room and stop.
Turn right to exit the bathroom. Turn right and then right again to go into the hallway next door. Wait there.
Walk across sitting room and to the right of the couch and walk behind counter. Turn left and enter dining room. Stop at dining room table.
Turn left. Turn left when you get to the fireplace. Wait between the dining room and the stairs.
Walk down the steps, stopping at the bottom near the painting.
Behind the chair is the study.
The picture is above a bench and a light shines it.
Walk through doorway, take a right down the hallway, stop right after the exit sign.
Go down the hallway, take a left and then a quick right.  Go past the table and chairs area, past the big chair and then turn to the right.  Go past the dark wooden door and then stop and wait.
Walk down the hall, and take a right. In the hall go straight and enter the bedroom on the far left. Stop next to the door.
walk straight to large open doorway.  turn right and walk diagonally across room to star tile on floor.  go to bedroom doorway.  step inside.
Turn around and exit out the door on your left between the red chairs. Once out turn right and cross the bedroom. Enter the 2nd to the last door on the right and stop in the hallway facing the stairs ahead.
Walk across the room to the right side on the wood floor. Once across, turn right and then left and head towards the stairs. Once at the bottom of the stairs, continue into the room to your left. Go right once in the room. Keep walking until you reach the bar. Stop at the glass railing in front of the bar overlooking the sitting room.
These lights are in a bathroom.
Leave the room, go right and continue to the hallway. Take a left at the end of the hallway, enter the room and stop in the doorway.
Go straight until you pass the stairs then go left and continue until you pass all the couches and the fireplace. Go into the next room and wait by the table and chairs.
the bedroom is in the end of a corridor and near a open-balcony
Stand with the door going outside to your right and leave the room through the door next to the wooden table.  After going through the doorway, go straight down some stairs and turn left.  Walk to the kitchen area and turn left at the fridge.  Stand in front of the sink and stop.
Take the first few steps up to go through the dining room and into the kitchen. Stop and wait near the island.
Go straight down the hallway. Walk until you get to the kitchen area. Wait there.
between two black shells,in the middle of the brown book shell and at the end of the corridor
Turn around and wait by the table that is to the right of the very long table.
Go through the room towards the steps and passed the staircase on the right, step into the doorway on the right and stop.
Walk forward and turn left. Keep walking forward passing the glass table on the right. Pass the divider, and stop at the opened glass door.
Head toward the potted plants next to the pool. Go through the doorway by the PGI Homes welcome mats. Stand next to the couch.
Turn right and walk out the door to the left of the white chair. Once out, head down the hallway to the left of the stairs. At the end, enter the room and walk across stopping once you are at the couch facing outside.
go on the right of the brown table, then continue past the tan table on the right as well. stop halfway from the next table.
The box is placed next to the stairs and the hall.
Head straight. Pass the kitchen and then pass the dining room table and chairs. Turn left and wait near the stairs and the blue painting of a face.
The cabinet is in the upper right corner of the oven and to the left of the window.
Walk forward and wait near the chair.
Go up the stairs on the right. Walk straight through the hallway. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Walk through the doorway next to the black and white art piece and into the hallway.  Take the first left in the hallway toward the bathroom, but stop outside the closet doorway on the left.
Exit through the open doors and turn left. Continue straight past the table and bath tub. Enter the room on the left and wait by the doorway.
Walk around the wooden table and continue past the chairs and shelves. Walk past the kitchen counters and exit through the entry on the right. Turn left and wait in front of the outside doorway, by the mirror.
Walk out of the office and turn left Walk down the hall and turn right and walk  into the room just before the double doors. Stop just inside the doorway.
After you go up the stairs turn right. Walk straight until you get to the middle of the last window on the left before you get to the chairs.
Walk onto the balcony, turn right, walk past the fountain, and wait near the stone cross statue.
The sofa is on the right side of a same red sofa and in front of a window with red curtains.
Exit the room go past the stairs and turn left. Pass the large plant with the black pot and turn right. Go into that room and turn right, wait by the sink in the bathroom.
Walk towards the massage tables and exit the room. Walk towards the second door on the left, and then stop in the doorway.
Walk past the shower on the left. Make a left just after the purple orchids on the right. Make a right opposite the blue glitter lips on the wall to the left. Wait at the open door to the exterior on the left.
Pass the bed and exit then pass the tv and wait there.
Go straight past all the tables and chairs then go out through the double wood doors and wait there.
The area has a trashcan and a laundry basket.
faced with the sink in the middle of two walls;
Walk around the couch and towards the kitchen.  Turn right at the open doorway and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn towards the dining room, and go to the left of it.  Walk forward until you see the stairs.  Keep walking just past the stairs to the doorway to a bedroom, and stop.
Go to the fireplace. Go to the bottom of the stairs. Go into the room nearest the television.
The living is on the first floor and there is a balcony outside.
Turn right and walk across the room past the sink. Then turn left and you will see a bunch of doors. Walk into the second one on the left, and stop.
Walk through the living room and walk past the stairs. Go down the hallway and stop in the doorway to the sitting area with leather chairs.
The sink is under the towel and flower.
Walk forward down the hallway ahead. At the end, turn left and walk forward. Turn left and walk past the stairs into the doorway straight ahead and stop.
Go around the table in front of the desk and head past the double doors.  Turn left and go toward the door way past the large table. Stop in the doorway in in front of the cabinets.
Take a right out of the room and walk towards the stairs. Walk down the first flight of stairs, and then walk three steps down the second flight of stairs.
The corridor has two stairs and on the second floor.
The sink is placed next to some fruit on the table in the kitchen.
The bike is set near a tearoom.
Go down stairs, walk to the back of the couch, go straight through the door way, walk to the end of the bed, walk passed the tub, straight through the door way, stop beside the door.
Turn around and exit the room out the last door on your right. Once out, turn left and then right. Follow the hallway and enter the next white door on your right. Enter the hallway and stop beside the entrance to the storage room with drawers.
You should walk through the walk-in closet and wait by the abstract painting.
The model is in the vast rest area.
The sofa is near a tall lamp and a painting and behind a wooden and vitreous desk.
Go through the door opposite the bathroom. Continue to the white bed. Turn around and go through the door on the right. Go straight through the double doors.
Pass the fireplace on your right. Take a right. Go down the hall. Cross the room and go to the top of the stairs.
The carpet is located in a bright livingroom.
on the table, next to the window
The chair is near a toiler and a corridor.
Go up the stairs turn right.  Stand in the doorway to the right.
Walk away from the phone, and enter the living room through the entrance on the right. Walk through the living room and behind the right couch. Walk through the doorway and stop before you reach the rug.
Leave through the door with the windows and step into the hallway.  Take a few steps to the left in the hallway and then stop.
Walk up the stairs and take a left and go up the next set of stairs. On the landing take a right and and stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
The telephone is near a corridor and a living room.
Walk past the table and around the screen to the back door then turn left.
From the dining room walk into the kitchen and hang a right. Once you take a right you are in the main entry room. In the entry walk past the patio on your left and go straight into the living room.In the living room take a right and stop behind the couch just past the entry.
the second one from right to left;
Move down the long hallway. Stop when you reach the second doorway on you right.
next to a hand sink, above a drawer
Walk into the living room by the fireplace. Take aright behind the couch. Stop in front of the second pillow on the black bench.
The cabinet is set in a kitchen.
Make a left to exit room, proceed down hallway, and stop in fainting room.
Turn left and go pass the chair and take another left pass the billiard table,take a right thorought a door, go through the bedroom and stop in front of the spa bath.
Exit the room and turn right. Pass by the first room on your right and enter the second room.
Walk down porch to front door, enter house, turn left and stop at green counter top with sink.
The bathtub is located at a corner of the bedroom.
Go between the two tables and through the doorway and go to your left to the sink.
The chair is settled in the middle of a study.
Walk up the stairs, walk to the bathroom door, wait at the painting.
Walk past the ovens and turn left. Wait beneath the movie screen.
Turn left and walk behind couch. Turn left and exit the room. Walk straight towards the door in front of you leading to the garage. Stop at the doorway.
Walk straight past the sink and wait by the doorway of the walk-in closet.
on the right of a chair,on a small table and under some posters
under the television and the DVD, next to some photos
The mirror is placed next to the sink and the toilet.
Go in and pass the table with the hanging chandelier. Turn right on the first door you see and wait by the door on your right.
Exit the bathroom. Pass the dresser on the left and turn left. Turn right and pass the fireplace on the right. Exit the room using the door on the right and wait there.
a long room equipped with a shower cubicle.
Exit the room through the doorway to the right, step into the doorway and stop.
Walk down the hallway towards the stairs. Stop in front of the windows on the right past the door.
Exit the room into the kitchen and turn left. Then turn right and wait near the bar stool.
Exit the kitchen, turn hard left, walk down hallway, turn right at the brown door, walk down the hallway, enter the bathroom wait at the sink.
exit sauna, walk through door at other side of room stop in lobby by elevator.
The sofa is located in the spacious livingroom.
Walk up the stairs. Walk across the foyer towards the exterior door. Walk out the exterior door. Wait by the hose.
The light is put in a small booth.
Cross the bedroom and wait outside the bathroom door.
The book is settled in a bright and tiny living room on the first floor.
Walk into the house the through the patio doors. Walk past the bedroom door and enter the laundry room.  Wait near the sink.
Walk towards the front door, and bare right down the hallway. Walk all the way to the last right, and stop behind the chair in the office.
The stool is between the column and the table.
Walk past the dining table and door to the kitchen into the hallway ahead.Walk down the hall past the wall art and front door of the home. Continue down the hall past more wall art and into the open door at the end of the hall which leads to an office with bookshelves.
The chair is near a red sofa, in front of a black carbinet and near a wooden table.
the stair is in the corner of the study room on the second floor and in the corridor on the first floor
Walk across the room past the divider.  Continue to walk done the hall and turn left at the foyer.  Enter the massage room on the left.
Stay outside, and walk forward on the tile patio along the side of the house.  Continue forward until you reach a spiral potted tree.  Wait here.
Go around the room towards the large archway leading to the foyer. Move in and turn left, stopping at the base of the stairs, ahead of the front door.
Walk through the bedroom and walk through the door on the right side, into the bathroom. Continue straight and wait in the doorway to the toilet room.
Turn around and walk down the mini stairs. Stop near the chair.
Exit the closet and walk forward into the room ahead. Wait just inside the entrance.
The bookcase is near a brown mirror and a black fitness equipment.
The bathing room is in the lavatory.
Turn around and go passed the table. Go out the entryway and turn right. At the hallway go passed the large vase and enter the #downtown room.
Go to the lamp in the bedroom. Go to the sink in the bathroom. Go to the shower.
Exit the bathroom area. Exit the bedroom area using the door on your right. Go to the top of the stair. Wait on the third stair from the top.
Go inside and wait right at the entrance of the third door from your left.
The black board is placed next two stairs and near a reading room.
Walk into the kitchen. Turn right  and walk past the table. Walk into the room and step right. Stop behind the couch.
Turn to the right and go down past the potted plant.  Walk along the pool. Turn right by the wet floor sign and walk through the doorway, past the counter and stop in front of the stairs.
The glass is placed in the hall.
Start in the game room. Walk toward the foosball table. Turn left into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom. Stop at the bathroom door.
Walk down the hallway and turn right. Enter the fourth door on the right. Wait in room 339.
There is a bookshelf and stairs in the corner of the bar.
Walk into the bedroom and exit through the door to the left of the TV.  After going through this door to the bathroom, keep going straight until you stand in front of the toilet and then stop.
Pass the stairs and the round table and go out the large double doors that lead to the patio. When you see the patio table and chairs turn right and wait there in the deck.
The bookshelf is located on the corridor.
The sofa is placed behind the table in the balcony.
Turn left, and walk past the bench. Make a right through the open doors, and exit the bedroom. Make a right in front of the mirror. Walk past the wall sconce on the right. Wait at the threshold of the gym door.
walk past the white couches, wait near the tall plant at the side of the stairs.
The area is next to the living room and the corridor and on the third floor.
Walk through the door to the left of the pool. Stop next to the tall plant between two doorways.
Turn around and turn right. Stop at the arches.
Put the bulk of the house on your left, and then walk forward. Go all the way to the end of the room, turn left, and enter the tv room. Stand in front of the coffee table.
The vase is on the table. The chairs are under the table.
Walk toward the sink area to the right. Take a sharp left at the doorways and walk through the double doors. Stop there.
Walk to the left along the table. At the end of the table stop in front of the chair on your left.
Exit the room and turn left. Go into the room with stairs. Stop between the large wooden door and the seating area.
It has a blanket and some pillows on it.
Descend the stairs and go to your right. Go through the door to the right through the hallway. Then enter the room on your right and stop before the fireplace.
Exit the kitchen and enter the bed room. When you enter the bedroom take an immediate right. enter the study and take another immediate right  and stand in the hallway looking forward down the corridor.
The chairs are set under a big painting with golden border and near a brown cuboid table.
Go up the stairs and to the right. Go down the hall and go to the stairwell to the second floor. Stop on the third stair from the bottom.
Walk out of the room into the hallway. Walk passed the exit sign into the hallway on the other side of the room. Walk along the glass partition walls around the first corner and stop at the closed wooden doors.
Walk out of the bathroom and take a right down the hallway. Stop at the end of the walkway near the plants.
Turn right. Take another right after the white chairs and wait next to the counter with the bar stools.
Walk past blue couch, turn right, and exit room. Turn left, go straight towards potted plants. Wait by potted plants.
Head straight down the hallway towards the area with the staircase. Continue going straight and enter the bedroom on the right.
The table is in a rest room.
Walk down the hallway until  you're in front of a wooden door next to an exist sign. Turn left and go stand in front of the next door over.
next to a window, face a bed with two lamps
The light is on the ceiling of a big living room.
Turn around and walk out of the room. Take a right into a hallway and take your first right. Wait next to the long table.
Go indoors and around the sofa, turning right. Continue past the steps and wait in front of the open door.
The sofa is located in the bright livingroom.
The television is near a corridor on the second floor.
next to the bed and two lamps, face a curtain with black curtains
Table near living room
The sofa is placed in a bright and tiny living room.
Go onto the large rug and across to the other side of the room and toward an archway.  Go through the arched hallway, and wait looking into another room with some seating.
The loudspeaker box is placed in the hall.
Walk in between the two leather benches and go outside.  Stop when you have passed the second door and are outside.
Exit the bedroom, turn left and head forward past the living room area. Wait by the glass dining room table.
Walk through the door on the left and turn right. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Turn right at the island and walk past the dining room table and chairs. Stop by the table with the plants on it.
The drawer is near a corridor and a living room.
Exit the room out the door to your right beside the phone on the wall. Once you exit turn all the way around and enter the room to the left of the door you just came out of. Stop once you are in the doorway.
Take a slight right and walk through the bedroom.  Exit the bedroom and walk forward until you see a corridor to the left with a red sculpture at the end of it.  Walk to the red sculpture.  Take a slight right off of the walkway and walk to the first tree closest to the walkway with two large boulders.  Stand between the tree and the two boulders next to the one with the blackened area on it.
Walk straight towards the staircase, turn right beside the staircase, stop outside the first door on the left.
Walk straight and into the room. Take a right and walk past the bed and into the bathroom. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk towards the room with the microwave and oven on the left. Make a left and step into the hallway.
Enter through the doorway on the left, then exit the room through the doorway on the right. Then turn left and proceed to the first doorway on the left. Wait in that doorway, next to the light switch.
Turn right and go down the hall. Wait by the framed photographs on the wall.
The newspaper is in a big office that is large enough for six people to work.
Leave the room through the door on the right of the fireplace.  Walk straight through the dining room and leave through the door on the right.  Stop in the doorway to the kitchen.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the stairs and in the cenrtal of the corridor.
With the sofa behind you, take a right until you see a little black desk on your left. Go and stand in front of the black desk.
The sofa is in a bedroom.
The display is hung on the wall and there is a big table surrounded by ten chairs in front of it.
The kitchen is next to a big dining room and there is a road outside.
The scissors are in front of a pink juicer and a white printer,next to a pen, on the left of two packets of snacks and above the cloths.
Head inside through the open front door, then go straight ahead and stop just the other side of the pillar.
there is another similar mirror installed close to the target, and there is a sink under it
The painting is in the first row and the second column of the six paintings, on the wall and above a black bookshelf.
Go out the room on you right. Pass the table and chairs. Turn right and go out the room. Wait there.
Turn right out the doors beside you. Once out, turn right and walk out the next set of doors and down the hallway until the room opens up. Once you reach the room, turn left and walk up the few steps in front of you and stop.
Go down the steps. After you pass the glass table and purple chairs on your left turn left. Walk straight until you get to another glass table with black chairs. Wait there.
Go through the living room, take a right at the dining room table, and continue until you reach the front door, stopping in the hallway.
Turn left, go right of the bed, down the hallway, take a right just after the television, and stop just outside the door before the green plants.
go down stairs, turn left at the bottom of the stairs, walk into the bedroom and stop by the door.
Go through the wooden double doors and walk to first door on your left. Go up three stairs and wait on the landing.
Exit the room and follow the hallway to the right. Walk through the first door on the left and continue walking, past the foot of the bed. Enter the bathroom on the left and wait by the door.
Take a slight right, and walk towards the round table with white chairs. Walk through the hallway to the left, towards the white chair. Walk towards the stairs, and stop on the first stairs step on your left.
Exit the bathroom, make a sharp right through the doorway, then make a left to the top of the stairs and stop.
below a wall lamp; beside a wastebasket;
Exit the closet, turn right, enter the living room, turn left, enter the dining room, turn left, enter the kitchen, wait at the refrigerator.
Walk right by the rocking chairs and go inside.  Turn right.  Stand in the bedroom doorway by the washing machine.
Turn around and walk past the dining area. Take a left through the door, and stop in front of the sink.
Walk down hallway and turn left into laundry room. Stop at laundry machines.
Walk toward the dining table and past the stairs. Walk to the main door on the left of the stairs. Stop before you head outside.
Go straight toward the golden vase. Pass the vase and go toward the desk then turn right when you get to the round glass table turn left. Go down the hallway until you get near the luggage carts.
Turn left and walk forward. Enter the bedroom, and walk towards the bed. Pass the bed and turn left towards a corner. Enter, and turn turn right towards the bathroom, and stop there.
The poster and the television is next to the wardrobe.
Turn around to walk down the hallway past the kitchen. Stop in the dining room and wait near the piano.
the rest room is near a dining room and a living room.
The lamp is close to the toilet and bedroom
Go straight and enter the room. Turn right and go out the door. Turn left and go through the hallway until you get to the second door on the left. Enter the room and wait near the toilet.
Go straight and exit room. Turn right, go down hall, then turn left.
Walk down the hallway towards the first exit sign on your right, take a left down the hallway right in front of the exit sign, take a left down the first hallway, stop under the exit sign.
Turn around and walk up the steps and through the glass doors. Stop Just outside the doors.
Turn around and exit the bathroom.  Then enter the bedroom. Wait near the bedroom door and the chair.
Walk all the way forward towards the black or charcoal colored sofa set.Turn left at the corner. Walk forward and stop inside the door.
in front of a white wall,on the left of some plants and on the right of a orange model,on the wooden shell
The vase is set near two white washing machines and a white sink.
With the wire vine artwork on your left, walk straight into the big room with the square mosaic on the floor.  Go through the door on the left on the wall on the far side of the mosaic.  Walk into the room and stop at the foot of the bed.
Go down the stairs and stop after stepping off the last step.
Walk passed mirror and go towards stairs. Pass the stairs and face the kitchen. Walk forward until in kitchen and stop.
From the top of the stairs, walk to the left of the large room with the table and chairs. Walk through the room at the end of the hallway. Stop by the table and chairs.
Exit the bedroom, veering slightly right to walk on the tile flooring heading towards the staircase ahead of you and slightly to the right. Climb up the first flight of stairs and stop on the last step just before the first landing.
walk on the right side of the couch, past the dining table on the right, past the front door on your right and stop at the stop of the staircase.
On the stair landing go right into the room and take a left in the hall going towards the main door then right up the stairs and stop on the second stair from the bottom.
The chair is placed in a clean and bright living room.
Go out the door straight in front of you. Turn left and keep walking straight through the glass doors and stop to the left of the large green vase.
Walk past the purple leather sofa  and go up the small staircase with the metal bannister on your right past.  This will put you in a bedroom.  There is a door to a bathroom on your left.  Go into the bathroom and stop there.
below a round clock; three deck chairs near it;
Exit office and turn left into hallway, Turn left into laundry room and stop before dog bed.
The bed is set underneath two skateboards and near a long white table.
walk along the edge of the house and enter the house through the patio door.
Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway. At the hallway turn right and then left. Walk across the living room. Then turn left and step outside to the front entrance of the house.
Go out of the room and wait just outside the doorway.
Go into the open room with white flooring. Turn left, then go through the second doorway on the right. Walk past the stairs. Go through the doorway just past the art piece of a dancer. Stop on the black and white rug, next to the long wooden dining table.
walk across room to edge of couch, turn left and walk between couch and table, turn right and stop in front of red ottoman.
Turn left and look at the painting. Turn right and move forward past the guitar and keep going through the hallway entrance to wait in front of the brown wooden door.
walk past the wall of wine towards the recliner, through the doorway, past the chairs and through another doorway into the kitchen turn right at the island and walk past the fridge. walk until there is a doorway on your right and stop.
The chair is at the corner of a study.
The area is next to a kitchen and across from stairs.
turn slight left and follow path along bushes, turn slight left and walk along concrete walk to open door, stand in doorway facing picture.
in the middle of a black cabinet and a small waste basket; near a cabinet with four lockers;
Walk straight to the door in front of you.  Walk over to the stove and turn to the right.
in front of the desk in the innermost position,facing the painting of scissors and in front of the green file holder
Walk forward into the massage room. Turn slightly left and walk into the marble room ahead. Wait just inside the doorway.
Turn and walk around the banister into the room with the arched door way. Walk through the open room to the other end with a throw rug and armchairs. Walk into the door  past the small table and into the room with drawn back curtains.
The towel is in a bathroom.
a room with two identical beds and two different sinks;
When you pass the mirror on the right turn left. Turn left and walk straight until you go into the bathroom. Wait near the entrance.
walk down all of the stairs and stop.
Go through the doorway.  Stay straight and go on through the kitchen. Jump the banister, and go into the living room.  Stop there and wait.
Enter the house and walk through the living room. Keep walking and take a left into the office across from the dining table with the gray chairs. Stand on the rug in front of the black desk.
The drawer is in the center of a kitchen with wood floor.
Walk past orange ottomans. Walk down stairs. Walk behind orange leather chair. Wait curved metal wall.
The box is next to a flowerbed and a telescope.
Walk around the bed and chairs and enter the bathroom on your left. Stop near the shower.
Walk straight past the living and dining area and stand in front of the glass door that goes into the wine room.
The glass is set near a smaller conference room and next to the hall.
Step into the hall way.  Turn to your left and walk straight to the doorway infront of you.  Step into the door way and wait in the hall way.
Leave the bathroom and closet. Stop in the bedroom next to the first arm chair.
between two small chairs, in front of a book shelf and near a short desk
Go straight until you get to the room with the large light blue carpet. Continue straight and go into the room next to it with the large pink carpet. Wait there.
Leave the bathroom. Walk past the bed and wait next to the chair on the right.
The pillow is next to a gray pillow and on a long sofa.
The drawer is settled in the corner of a kitchen on the first floor.
Leave the room, and go up the stairs. Enter the laundry room through the first left door at the top of the stairs. Stop in front of the sink.
walk on the right side of the table, through the doorway on the right, turn left at the round table, walk over the carpet, past the stairs and through the doorway, continue straight through the doorway and stop at the carpet.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the stairs, following the hallway to the left. Turn left again and walk past the side table with the lamp. Walk through the doorway and turn right at the next hallway. Wait near the wooden banister.
Exit the room and turn left then go down the hallway until you get to a room with Christmas trees and wait near the trees.
Exit the bathroom and go to the table. Stop near the television.
Walk toward the couch and turn left. Walk just outside and stop.
Walk into the kitchen and go out onto the patio. Stand in the patio doorway next to the breakfast bar.
on the nightstand, on the right of the bed
Walk towards the narrow doorway, directly to the right of the wall painting and wait near the first door that you see on your left.
The vase gym is next door, near the desk.
Exit bedroom to hallway, turn left and follow hallway straight to beach painting. Turn right into bedroom. Turn left into closet, stop in middle of closet.
The laundry is flanked by bedrooms, and there is a chandelier in front
Go up the stairs, and take a right. Walk down to the door, and stop.
Walk down the hall and turn right. Walk through the hall and stop in front of the entryway to the living room.
Turn around and continue forward until you read the end of the long tables. Stop near the red stairs.
The picture is in the bedroom.
Exit the room and turn left then turn right and go into the other bedroom. Wait at the entrance.
The fan is set  on a corridor which is along the wall.
against the left wall of this room
Go down the stairs to the landing. Turn right and go down the rest of the stairs. Turn left. Move forward towards the blue counter. Move to the second stool and stand at the counter.
surrounded by a long sofa and two small sofas, under a television
Go forward toward the desk. Turn right and exit through doorway ahead. Take right again and enter through doorway directly ahead. Take a slight left and head through the archway leading to the bedroom. Wait by the lamp.
Go straight unto the arch ahead. Turn slightly right and wait near the picture frame over the white pedestal.
Walk along the wall with the large tapestry handing from it.  The wall will be on your left as you walk.  Exit the room by the doorway in front of you, and go through the first doorway on your left.  Stop in front of the staircase.
Walk to the left around desk in front of you. turn right and walk along long table. Turn left at 2nd chair. Stop at desk.
on the wall, above a furnace
The model is in a large resting area.
There is a big white bookcase put in the relaxing room, and the glass door it opposite the main door.
Turn around and go by the white bed. Turn left and enter the doorway on the extreme left. Stop in the entry.
below the TV and next to the window
The power switch is placed next to the flower and the table.
walk out of bathroom towards red chairs, walk in between two red chairs and turn left to walk through doorway, turn left before you reach dining room table and walk straight through doorway, stop before you reach kitchen island.
facing a window, next to a door
The chair is set in the small bedroom.
Walk up to the entrance of the staircase in the middle. Go up the stairs 4 steps. Go to the middle of the entrance of the staircase and wait.
Exit the bedroom, walk down the hall to the left of the stairs to the first door on the right past the cabinet, enter the bedroom, wait at the foot of the bed.
Walk into the hallway and to the right. Wait in the doorway next to the bathroom, at the end of the hall.
The lamp is placed in the corner of a white living room.
Turn around and go to the right down the hallway. Follow the hallway and stop at the top of the staits.
next to a table, near a box
Turn around and walk past the foot of the bed.  Go out the doors and continue straight.  Then turn right when you get to an indoor/outdoor kitchen.  Then stand by the stove and wait.
Turn right in the hallway. Turn right into the first office #360 and wait there.
Pass the pool on your right and go straight into the house. Go up the stairs straight ahead. Wait near the white couch.
Move forward past the gold sign until you reach the stairway on your left. Walk toward the chairs in front of you, turn right to go around the chair and turn left again. Move forward into the dining room. Move to the far right of the room, turn left at the display case and wait behind the first table.
Walk up the steps and turn left. Go up the second set of steps on the right to the dining area. Walk through the dining area and wait in the kitchen.
Exit the room. Turn right. Go straight toward the couches. Turn left when you get to the couch and go out the glass sliding door. Wait near the black table and chairs in the patio.
under a blue bucket. below a squared picture.
Walk down the short flight of steps. Then turn left and ascend the set of stairs to the left. Walk down the hallway and enter the bathroom on the right and wait.
The painting is near a bedroom and a living room.
hung on the wall, above the cabinet
The table is set in a spacious balcony.
Leave the room and take a right. Once on the stone ground take a left, and go straight. take a left into the dining room. Walk forward and stop in the doorway to the living room.
Exit walk-in closet through door. Take a slight left and walk through doorway. Walk into the bedroom. Take a slight right and walk through double doors. Take a left upon exiting the bedroom. Walk to the doorway to the right. Wait there.
Exit the closet and then exit the bathroom via the door to your right. Turn ninety degrees to the right and then pass through the doorway ahead of you.
Walk forward and enter the hall, then turn left. Then walk forward into the bedroom and continue into the bathroom.  Wait near the sink.
Walk by the left of the table and enter the entryway on the right. Then stop in the hallway.
Walk past the computer and go into the living room.  Wait by the round table in the living room.
Leave the closet and stop in the archway on the left.
The washbasin is under the mirror and face the door of the bathroom.
TURN LEFT UNTIL THERE ARE STAIRS ON BOTH SIDES AND A TABLE IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK FORWARD AND SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT OF THE TABLE, ON THE LEFT SIDE WALL IS AN OPEN DOOR AGAINST A WALL WITH ART ON IT, WALK THOUGH THE DOOR AND INTO A ROOM THAT HAS MANY CABINETS FILLED WITH DISHES.
Leave the office and take a right. Walk down the hallway through the double doors. Stop inside the doorway to office with the 02 on the door.
Turn right and move up the stairs. Once you reach the top, hang a slight left and wait in front of the white doorknob, keeping it on your right side.
Walk to the doorway leading out of the room.  Walk across the square mosaic floor to the opposite wall and go through the door on the right.  Stop in the doorway to this room.
Leave the room and take a left. Go down the hall and into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the room once you pass the door.
Turn around and walk into the bedroom.  Turn right and go past the bed and then turn right again.  You will see a bathroom.  Wait right at the entrance of that room.
Turn left and go up the stairs.  Then turn right and walk into the next room. Then turn right and walk into the bathroom.  Stand next to the scale.
There are four chairs around the table, and a tree near the table.
Turn left at the green vase and go past the shelves. Stand by the ping pong table.
The stool is set near a lareger conference room and next to the hall.
Walk past the center island counter top past the bar stools. Walk through the open door on the other end of the room near the stove and counter. Continue into hall and walk up the first few steps of the stairwell.
Exit the bedroom, make a left and go down the hallway, at the double glass doors on the right make a left, go into the bedroom about four steps and stop.
The drawer is below a small rectangular painting, on the left side of a black and gray bed and opposite to a yellow and white table.
Exit the sitting area through the doorway to the left of the TV. Walk to the end of the hall and stop in the doorway to the garage.
Exit the room then turn right and then turn left. Pass the glass table with the fancy chairs and wait near the round table.
Exit the closet toward the room. Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left. Turn right into the bathroom. Wait near the first sink.
Walk down the stairs and make a left walk past the dining room table. At the end of the table make a left and in the kitchen.
The chair is between the cabinet and a desk and faces the gate.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left. Pass the pool table then turn left. Wait there.
Walk away from the coffee bar toward the ope double doors that lead to a hallway.  Walk down the hallway past the sign that says "Let's start to redefine how work is done."  Stop in the doorway to conference room 02.
above the chair, next to another dining-table
Walk across the yard and wait in front of the doorway with the flower tapestry.
Exit the room with the water heater. Walk straight across the open area and into the bedroom. Stop at the bed.
Walk past the glass dining table and turn into the first door on the right. Stop after a couple of feet inside the door.
under a display,on the locker and behind some chairs
on the cabinet which is on the left of the television, in front of a picture
below a spotlight; against a blue wall.
Turn left and walk down three stairs. Wait there.
Go towards the dining table, and then go passed the dining table to the right of the dining table. Go near the glass door then stop.
Leave the day room and go down the hall and make a left and wait at the entrance to the grand hall.
Turn around and go to the left by the table. Turn right at the end of it and follow the hall, go through the door on the left and stop next to the bed.
The desk is surrounded by two sofas, opposite to a black television and near a painting.
Exit the bedroom. Go left in the hallway. Go through the hallway. Go into the room with the television.
The lamp is placed in the corner of a small and bright bedroom.
The mirror is near a toilet.
Go straight and into the doorway to the left of the stairs. Go through the door on the right, and into the garage. Stop in the entryway on the right.
GO STRAIGHT AND TURN RIGHT.
Turn left and go down the hall. Go through the door at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway.
Go up the stairs, turn right and up the stairs again, turn left and up more stairs, and the straight into the doorway and stop.
Walk through the doorway, and take a left. Walk all the way down the hallway, till you reach another hallway on the right. Walk until you reach another hallway on your right, and stop immediatly once you hit the hallway.
The stool is placed under a yellow table, on the right of a yellow stool, near a white dustbin.
Walk towards the pictures on the wall and then turn left, go straight down the hall and take the slight right further down, take a step into the wooden doorway and stop.
Walk out of the office and turn right. Walk past the stairs and turn left. stop in front of the piano.
Face the bed. Walk through the door. Walk right. Walk straight. Turn Right at first door.
There is a stone dome near the table and on the flagstone.
Turn around and enter the house. Walk straight across the sitting room and step up onto the platform with the stairs. Walk past the stairs and out the door on the left and stop once you walk outside.
Take a right through the first door into the bedroom. then take another right into the bathroom. Stop near the towel rack.
next to the paintings and the bed
Walk out of the bathroom into the bedroom. Pass the bed and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and stop near the two black chairs.
Walk through the kitchen area past the dishwasher.  Enter the door on your right to the laundry room.  Stop just past the door in front of the window.
Walk forward with the white door on your right and take a right into the hallway passing the living room. Go through the doorway at the end of the walkway into the library and stop with the third bookcase on your left.
The meeting room is opposite to the gate of a big meeting room and next to a room that is forbidden to entry.
Walk down steps, turn left and follow steps to entry way. Turn hard right and enter go down stairs. Walk straight into dining room. Stop at picture on wall to the right.
Take the object off of the shelf and walk towards the living room.
Go through the door in front and to your left.  Go around the bed, and stop in the archway exiting the room.
Walk through the living room area, continuing into the hallway to your right. Down the hall, turn left to wait at the top of the stairs.
Turn and enter the living room area. Go past the table and sofas and stop in the foyer in front of the front door.
Walk by the kitchen to the stairs. Walk up the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. Wait there.
Walk down the stairs and make a left into the dining room then make a slight left to go into the kitchen. Walk to the end of the kitchen and make a right. Go in the pantry/laundry room and wait.
Exit the bathroom. Walk towards the kitchen and stop beside the refrigerator.
Turn to face the white refrigerator to the left of the kitchen sink.  Walk towards the fridge, and go to the blue carpet that is to the left of the fridge.  Once you reach the carpet follow the curved wall down the hallway until you reach the doorway to the bathroom.  Walk until you are standing in the doorway facing the toilet.
The sculpture is on a brown table, near a gray curtain and a transparent table.
the washroom is in front of a bathroom and next to a dressing room.
Turn around and continue down the hallway. At the fork, turn right and stop just after the oven.
The office is at the corner of the three fork road,connecting to two corridors and next to an empty office and opposite to the room 356.
Walk forward to the breakfast bar. Take a right at the breakfast bar, then a left. Stop before you reach the island with the bar stools.
Walk out of the room and up the steps. Walk past the stairs and stop in front of the desk.
Picture on the stairs from the first floor to the second
Turn left, walk through the door, keep going walking to the next door ahead of you and before you get to the door you will  pass a glass table on your left and a statue of a horse on your right, keep going straight to the door and stop once you pass the door.
Exit the bathroom and go past the tub and the bed go out the door to your right and wait near the couches.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Walk up the stairs. Wait down the hall and wait at the top of another set of stairs.
Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go into the dining hall. Enter the room with the buck head above the doorway. Go straight into the women's restroom.
Walk towards where it says "SKI" on the wall.  Walk down the stairs on the left and at the bottom, turn right.  Turn right again and walk into the bedroom.  Stop when you enter the room.
Move forward and turn left once past the white couch. Continue up the first set of stairs and turn left, moving past the bar area into the home theater. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk down the hall and veer left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit bathroom, turn left at bar, walk to empty room and stop.
Go past the pinball table and the wooden storage bins. Stop at the wooden conference table with the four yellow chairs.
The bedroom is next to the corridor on the second floor with balcony.
Exit the room and keep walking. Turn left entering another room. Make a slight right turn near the bed and stop in front of the toilet bowl.
Turn around and go on to the deck. Pass the couches and go towards the living room. Stop near the coffee table and the couch.
Go through the marble floored hallway and stop a few feet from the door.
next to a chair, facing a black table
Go straight and pass the desk on the left that has an iMac then wait at the top of the steps by the sign.
Go to the staircase. Go to the other side of the dining room table. Go to the white couch.
The pillow is placed in a small bedroom.
The cabinet is under a paper and an envelope,behind the big working desk and on the left side of the telephone.
next to the bathtub, below the mirror
Walk down the hallway passed the closed door and around the corner. Continue into the next hallway, which has a tiled floor. Walk down the tiled hallway passed the potted plant and wooden farm tools. Turn into the dining room and wlk passed the dining table. Walk through the opened archway and into the next room with a fireplace.
Head indoors, walk across the room, walk down the steps, turn left and stop by the table.
Go indoors, go straight passed the television, go right around the picture, stop outside the door to the bathroom.
The desk is in a big and bright living room.
Walk towards the wall painting. Turn and walk up the curving staircase and walk halfway up the flight of stairs.
Exit the room through the doorway on the left. Walk down the hallway. Turn right at the painting and enter the room. Turn the corner on the left, then continue walking straight down. Stop behind the sofa located next to the glass table.
Turn and walk away from the bathroom into the bedroom area. Walk through the open door on the other side of the room and into the dining room area at the end of the hallway. Stop near the couches in the next room passed the kitchen.
Walk down the hall and up the stairs.  Stop on the stairs before the last two steps and wait on there.
The bedroom is facing a corridor and is between two bashrooms.
Turn around and move towards the hallway. There is a picture hanging on the wall to let you know your going the correct way. You are going to turn left and travel down the hall. When the hallway dead ends into a bedroom, turn right.  Enter the room and wait next to the closest corner of the desk.
Walk between the sitting area and the dining table towards the door way. Walk through the door and stop.
Turn left and walk down the blue carpeted hallway. At the end turn left and stop once you enter the bedroom.
Walk down the hallway passing by the stairwell and bathroom. Walk through the open door at the end of the hallway.
Walk towards the loveseat, turn left, and walk through doorway. Turn right in front of the table and walk around to the other side of the table.  Walk toward the door and stop in the doorway of the kitchen.
Walk towards the table, turn left in front of the table, go straight, walk past the desk, turn left and stop near the hammock.
The towel hangs in front of a shower room. Opposite to the towel is the glass washbasin with two small sinks.
on the wall, next to the door, among two photos and on the left of them
The wall is close to the bedroom and bathroom.
Walk forward, turn right and pass the mirror on the left. Enter the hallway and walk diagonally to the right to the open door. Walk into the room containing two bed-like structures. Stop and wait in the doorway.
Walk past the bed and to the right. Stop in the bathroom.
The room connects with a big living room and leads to a small bedroom via a ladder.
Walk around the couch and head left, past the counter.and chairs. Go into the bathroom on the right and wait by the sink.
The fan is set  near to a metal statue and next to a red bench.
embed in a marble surface; beside a switch and a metal tissue box on the wall;
a big hall with a row of chairs and a big rounded bar in the center of it.
The cabinet is next to the toilet and bathroom.
The mirrors are in a living room.
behind the door, in front of the glass wall and on the left of the pillar
Leave the room into the next room. Once in the other room go straight into the next room and wait at the entrance.
walk across the kitchen and make a slight right towards the hallway.enter the hallway and make a slight left follow the hallway and enter the study. Stop at the desk.
at the bottom of the stairs face left, walk to the left of the marble table and turn left to walk outside. Stop as soon as you make it onto the pavement outside.
Walk past the fireplace on the left. Make a left at the planter on the floor. Walk under the stairs, to the left of the buffet table. Wait at the leather bench on the right.
under the hair dryer, against a wall
The book is set near a bedroom and a tearoom.
Walk out of the bathroom into the hallway. Walk down the hall past the closed glass door and stairwell. Turn the corner and walk past the dining table and kitchen counter tops. Walk to the end of the kitchen counter tops and near the sofa.
Right under the window, facing the door.
TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU FACE A DOOR WAY WITH STAIRS ON THE LEFT AND A BAR TOP ON THE RIGHT, WALK FORWARD INTO THE DOORWAY, WALK FORWARD INTO THE MIDDLE OF A HALLWAY FILLED WITH OPEN DOORS.
Make a right at the hallway at the top of the stairs and go straight down the hallway. At the end of the hall make a left and go down that small hall. Go into the bedroom straight ahead and wait on the couch by the bed.
The washbasin is settled in the corner of the toilet.
Take a right, and walk to the house. Enter the house through the door on the right. Take a left and go straight. Stop outside of the home theater.
turn around and walk straight. Stop at the hallway.
Walk straight then turn right after the kitchen island.  Exit the kitchen and turn left. Stop at the beginning of the hallway, right before the lightswitch.
With the glass display case to your right, move forward and slightly to your right to take the short series of five steps down. At the bottom of the stairs, go into the room to your immediate left.
Leave the pool through the door on the left of the lounge chairs. Walk straight through this area to the doorway on the right. Stop inside the doorway in front of the plant.
The sofa is set at a corner of the living room, on the second floor.
The plant is set next to a big conference room and next to a bedroom.
Exit kitchen, go across living room, turn right into archway and walk into theater room. Stop at chair and sports picture on wall.
Turn right and go through the kitchen. Walk straight past the chair and up the stairs on the right. Go straight into the room and wait near the entrance.
Turn around and walk through the door to the porch, walk forward slightly and then turn right and walk out to deck and continue continue straight and walk up stairs.  Stop at top of starins with the rocking chairs in front of you.
Walk down the stairs and passed the kitch counter on your left. Take a left at the first doorway on your left, and walk past the table set. Walk towards the stairs, and stop immediatly at the third set of steps from the bottom.
Go through the near doorway, go through the hallway, wait near the fireplace.
Go down the stairs. Make a left and go down more stairs. Stop at the tan chair beneath the painting.
Walk through the open door and turn right to enter the bedroom.  Turn right again and walk into the office.  Turn right again and stop inside the doorway.
The door handle is between the balcony and the living room.
The carbinet is opposite to a corridor.
Walk forward through the dining room. Turn right to go up the stairs and wait at the third stair.
on the cabinet, next to the mirror
the bedroom is near a corridor and a living room
Exit and turn right. Walk forward passing the entire sofa set on your right towards the dining table. Stand in front of the curtain next to the dining table, and stop there.
Turn left to exit the room and walk down the hallway in a bedroom. Wait by the chair.
The microwave is in the tea room.
the washroom is next to a bedroom which is near the corridor
Walk toward the dinning area, walk around the dinner table and make a left to the front door exit. Wait at front door.
Walk past the fancy vessel sink and enter the bedroom.  Stand just outside the front door of the bedroom.
Go straight passed the staircase on the left, turn right and cross the room passed the glass table, step near the glass sliding doors and stop.
Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn right. Turn right and stop by the Dining room table and chairs.
Go straight through hallway and turn left and stop on the third stair.
The kitchen is on the first floor and next to livingroom.
Walk ahead on the boards. Make a left at the left column. Walk straight through into the building with the tall framed cloth.
Walk towards the room with the red bed, turn right - right before you get to the room. Walk down the hallway, take a left down the second hallway and stop once you walk into the room.
Exit the bedroom. Walk down the hall and wait by the stairs.
Turn around, walk past the sinks and the closet and go straight . Wait right at the little table with the scarf on it.
the armchair is next to the desk and another armchair
Walk down the steps, and go straight into the long hallway.  Turn left and enter the first room to the left.  Wait inside.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left.  Walk until near the table and metal art.  Turn right and walk outside.  Wait near the furniture.
Exit the room. Go up the steps and pass the stairs on the left. Wait near the large black mirror and the white chair.
walk through the doorway. stand under the light.
Walk through the hallway on the left. Continue down the hallway and turn left, then right, to walk into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen towards the living room and turn right. Wait near the desk.
The sink is near a silvery and yellow vase and opposite to a black toilet.
The towel is set in the washroom.
Go past the ovens and the counter and wait just before you go outside.
Exit the room, enter the first door on the left.  Wait at the end of the massage tables.
The power switch is in the aisle.
Turn around and walk towards the left. Descend the stairs and stop at the bottom.
The small desk is placed close to a single sofa at the coner in the living room.
The bed is located at a corner of the bedroom.
Walk past pews and wait in front of potted flowers.
The bathrobe was close to the cupboard and door.
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to the kitchen and dining room.
on the wall, above the washstand
The monocycle is set next to a tearoom.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk outside and stop.
Walk forward with the office at your back. Go down the stairs. Stop on the landing before you go down the rest of the stairs.
Turn around and go down the hall way, then turn right.   Proceed down the hallway and enter the first door on your right. Wait by the door.
Go to the billiard table and turn left.  Go into the bedroom to the left, through the door to the left of the arcade game.  At the foot of the bed, go to the left and stop in between the nightstand and the wooden closet door.
There are red and pink flowers in the vase, there is a table lamp next to it, and they are placed on a small table together
The office is nearly at the end of the corridor and faces the tea room at a slant.
The bedroom is next to a long corridor and has a small balcony.
Exit bedroom and walk down hallway. When you have and opening to your left in front of a wooden door, turn left toward the potted plants. Follow this pathway until you can turn left just before the white chair, into the library. Walk past the sink on the right side of the table and wait at the entryway of the living room.
the living room is near a dining room and a stair.
Turn around and turn left in the hall. Continue down the hallway and cross the room. Stop at the first door on the left.
Walk from bar to billiard's room, turn right and enter bathroom. Stop in front of sink.
The washing room is built in a small bright bedroom which has the main bedroom on one side and the laundry on the other.
The vase is on the left side of a big vase and behind a brown table which is surrounded by eight chairs.
TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU ARE FACING TWO BLACK CHAIRS IN FRONT OF A FIREPLACE, WALK BEHIND THE BLACK CHAIRS TOWARDS THE FIRST OPEN DOOR ON THE LEFT, AT THE FIRST DOOR TURN LEFT TO FACE STAIRS HEADING BOTH DOWN AND UP, WALK ON TO THE PLATFORM.
Walk down the hallway into the kitchen and make a left turn. Head past the couch and stop in the doorway leading outside to the patio grill area.
It was sandwiched between three cabinets, opposite a stove.
Pass the bed and go straight out of the room then turn left and wait at the top of the stairs leading down.
Walk past the dining area, past the living room, and wait.
The bathroom is a big one inside the detached bedroom, which attached with  several mirrors and two sinks.
walk forward past the table.  Take a right then walk through the doorway.  Continue forward, then go in the first room on the left.  Stop at the end of the massage table.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk straight and head down the stairs on the left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs near the window.
Go around the table and head towards stairs that lead down. Walk a little forward towards the chandelier and wait at the stairs before going down.
Walk past the chairs and to the left. Turn left and walk past the bench. Walk to the left of the fireplace and stop just inside the double doors.
next to a door, below a hand sink
Go inside the house in the middle way, passed the white couch and black table, go up the white stairs and stop.
The desk is underneath a ceiling lamp which has six yellow lights, surrounded by three wooden chairs with brown mat.
Walk past the lounge chairs and down the hallway. Wait in the room near the snack bar.
The chair is settled in the center of a dining room on the first floor.
on the black table and next to the laptop
Go through double doors. Turn left and go up past the stairs. Go into the room ahead and wait near the table and chairs.
Walk in between dining table and sofa.  Enter room to the left of the tall wooden chairs.  After you enter the room, make a right.  Wait by bathtub.
mirror In the toilet
They are very close to the bedroom and toilet.
Walk between the desk and the copy machine, turn left and walk between the desk and the bookshelf. Walk between the desks and wait near the coffee table.
Turn hard right, then walk up two stairs and stop.
The stool is set in a small conference room.
Go down the hallway until you get near the Exit sign.
under knives and the rice cooker, next to the fridge
walk away from bedroom, turn left before bathroom and walk up three steps, continue straight through doorway to bedroom and stop.
With the wood floored room to your rear, exit and turn left, then enter the next room to your right. Continue forward, then enter the kitchen area to your left, passing though to the opposite side of the kitchen. There, you'll see two doors. One leading to the dining room and the other leading to the laundry room. Enter the laundry room.
Exit the doorway to the patio, turn right and follow the path. Pass the water fountain and stop by the entry.
Exit room and turn left.  Then walk to the hallway on the other side of  the room. Wait there.
Walk down the hallway past the bathroom. Turn left and continue down the hallway to the top of the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
below the bed net, next to the window
Turn left and walk straight. Wait next to the beige couch.
The bookcase is put next to the door ,which is front facing the balcony in the relaxing area.
Walk up stairs. At the top of the stairs turn left and walk straight to bedroom. Turn left and enter closet. Stop next to mirror.
Enter house through double doors, continue straight across dining room, turn left into bar and stop on the circle on the ground.
Leave the kitchen and walk through the dining room. Go straight to the living room. Stop next to the first window past the door on the left.
Walk across room to opening on the left. Wait at 3 chairs.
Walk behind the chair and past the end table in the hallway. Walk down the hall and turn right. Stop in front of the bathroom.
Walk past the glass dining table and stop at the kitchen island with a sink.
Walk inside, turn right, turn slight right and walk past the dinning table toward the kitchen. Wait near the kitchen sink.
The table is near a study.
Walk forward into the lobby. Veer right at the two leather benches. Stop between the two leather benches before you reach the rug.
The office is next to a relax area and connects to a road leading to the tea room and locker room.
Walk through the kitchen and to the right into the next building. Walk through the doors on the right and past the chair. Stop just inside the hallway.
Turn around and walk by the island. Continue to the left and stop near the dining room table.
Exit the dining room and go down the hallway on the right. Wait in the doorway of the ladies' bathroom.
Turn around and turn right then left. Follow the hallway and enter the bathroom.
Walk up the stairs and take a left. Enter the bedroom on the right. Wait in the entrance of the bathroom.
Head in past the dining area into the kitchen. Stop and wait near the sink.
Walk straight through the door and then make a slight left and continue until you're in the room filled with books.
Enter the large living room area and turn right. Move past the table area and enter the hallway. Continue moving forward until the hallway ends and make a 45 degree turn to your left. Continue forward and enter the first door on your right.
The switch is in a toilet.
Continue up the steps and turn left at the top. Go down the hallway and turn right into the last door on the right. Once in the room turn left and cross the room. Once across, turn left and stop at the door leading to the bathroom.
Cross the entryway and go into the kitchen. Walk to the far end of the kitchen and wait near the stairs.
Walk through the doorway on the left side of the fridge and keep going straight until you enter a bedroom.  Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk past the fireplace and through the door on the other end of the room. Stop after passing through the door.
Put the picture of a cheetah on your left, and then walk straight. Go into the small doorway to your left, and then walk a ways down the hall until you're in front of a large walk-in closet.
Exit through the double doors and go down the first half of stairs located to your right. Wait on the landing just in front of the flowers.
Walk through the bedroom past the beds and exit through the open doorway near the chair.  Walk straight through the bathroom and stop in the doorway of the bedroom on the other side.
You need to go into the bedroom and take a right so you can walk down the hall to get to the bathroom in the bedroom. After in the bathroom turn left and stand in front of the shower and wait.
A bed near the chair. The chair faces the window.
The chairs are set close to the wall of the small room.
The area is next to the living room.
Exit laundry room to hallway and turn left. Walk into dining room. Walk left stopping next to dishwasher in kitchen.
next to a desk, facing a mirror
The table is set under a brown vase, near a red and brown chair and opposite to a wooden carbinet.
behind the door, in the first position of the right side of the room
Go to top of the stairs, turn right, move towards the living room, stop behind the right side of the couch.
Go straight through both sets of doors and into the big room with the table in the middle. Go around the left of the table and stop at the door in the back of the room.
Exit the bedroom, and make a left. Walk past the bathroom, and wait at the sliding barn door.
Walk down the hallway and turn left. Walk past the wall decorations and start down the stairs. Stop about two steps down.
Exit the elevator then go left. Go up three steps of the stairs on the left and stop.
The area is opposite to the locker room and the tea room,sharing a corridor to the exit and at a corner.
Walk to the far end of the room and through the doorway. Wait to the left, at the beginning of the hallway.
Walk up the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs by the first doorway on the right.
next to the swimming pool; on the left of a squared pillar.
Walk into the hallway and turn right.  Turn left and go outside and walk towards the pool.  Walk straight until you are standing in front of the circular hot tub.
deep inside the washroom;
Walk to the end of the patio, towards the gazebo and wait by the last table.
With your back to the nearest corner of the room, head towards the base of the staircase in front of you. Continue on the wooden flooring past the staircase and go through the door opening ahead of you. Stop in front of the dishwasher in the kitchenette to your left.
Walk out of the alcove and go left down the hallway, towards the hall table with the vase of flowers on top of it.  Veer to the left of that hall table, heading towards the staircase.  Keep walking past the staircase on your left and stop in the walkway between the dining table on your left, and the kitchen entryway on your right.
next to the stairs, next to the switch
The recline is located in a sunny coutryard.
Walk past the stairs and walk into the first room on your right.  Wait on the staircase beside the long rug.
Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk into the doorway between the paintings and stop.
TURN SLIGHTLY RIGHT AND GO PAST THE DESK, OUT THE DOOR.  WALK STRAIGHT DOWN THE HALL,PAST A BENCH ON THE LEFT,  AND STOP IN THE DOORWAY BEFORE YOU COME TO SOME STAIRS THAT GO UP.
next to the woody wall, next to the living room
Go straight past the stairs, walk all the way down the hall to the first door on the right.Go through it and stand net to the book on the counter.
Walk across the left side of the dining room. Enter through the doorway. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Stop at the entrance of the office.
The carbinet is in the bedroom.
Exit the laundry room through the open wooden door. Continue walking forward until you pass the sliding glass doors on your right. Enter the kitchen and walk forward until you reach the end of the bar. Continue walking forward until you're under the white Arch. Keeping the counter on your right take four steps into the room. Wait by the lamp on your left.
Take a left down the stairs and walk down the stairs and wait at the second to the last stair.
Walk down the hallway and turn into the first doorway on the left to the dining room. Wait by the door.
Turn left away from the first hallway. Turn left again and climb the stairs. Walk straight down the next hallway, then stop at the entrance of the room.
Walk straight past the dining area until you reach a sofa.  Turn left and go outside.
Walk out of the door with the round mirror towards a dresser, and walk into the bathroom.
The chair is in a living room on the first floor.
Go to the closet Go to the painting Go to the print with six heads Go to the light switch.
Exit closet and turn right. Enter bedroom and turn right. Wait outside.
Walk around the foot of the bed and stop at the corner of the tub with the towels on it.
Walk to the right a little. Veer to the right when you get in the big room.  Keep going and you'll be in the kitchen.  Take the route to the doorway in the kitchen and go through it.  You'll be in a little workout room.  Stop right there by the tv.  Wait.
Walk straight across the room past the long table. Enter the 2nd doorway on your left and stop.
Make a left under and walk under the chandelier. Walk through the door and past the dining room table. Walk through the kitchen and into the laundry room.
There are some decoration on the cabinet and a wash basin under the cabinet.
Walk forward, and pass the sitting area. Veer left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go down the hallway and turn right after the first column Go through the dining room and turn left through the doorway. Stop in front of the wine fridge in the butler's pantry.
There is a big bed and painting in the bedroom.
The wardrobe is located in a small washroom.
Exit the restroom and turn ninety degrees to the left. Continue forward and go through the double glass doors ahead of you and slightly to the right.Walk through a ninety degree arc to the left and enter through the glass door labeled "Nerolie Shop".
Walk through the doorway, take a left through the first open doorway, walk straight through the door way and stop infront of the wooden lockers.
Climb up the three small steps and go through the double doors. Continue forward until there's a door opening to your left. Then go through that opening.
Walk forward past the fireplace and around the back of the couch. Turn right into the foyer. Walk straight and wait at the doorway to the bedroom on the right.
The fire hydrant is hung in the middle of the wall,next to a pillar and opposite to a glass wall.
Turn around and go through the door, turn left and walk past the left of the stairs. Go through the left door into the bedroom. Go around the bed and stop once you reach the bathroom door.
Walk forward until you get to the main entrance. Wait there.
This study connects with the outside via a door and has a long table.
Walk straight down the carpeted hallway.  Stay right, until you reach a hardwood floor. Walk next to the green leather chair.  Wait here.
Walk up the stairs.  When you get to the top of the stairs, walk straight ahead and go through the doorway to the left of the red painting that is hanging on the wall.  This is a bedroom.  Stop when you enter the bedroom.
walk through the doorway towards the stairs, turn left near the front door, walk to the right of the chairs, past the small desk with the bench, continue straight past the fireplace, and stop as you reach the rug.
The pillow is placed on a green sofa on the right side of a bed, next to a lamp.
Go upstairs and to the end of the hall. Turn right and stop in the bathroom.
Walk across the open room. Enter the room with the two massage tables. Stop before the massage tables, next to the mirror on the wall.
The flower is placed in a bright living room on the first floor.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk through the door and turn left. Stop just inside the bedroom.
From the front door you need to walk straight back until you get to the table with the white table cloth. When you walk to the end of the table make a left and stand in the doorway. Make a right when you are in the doorway and go to the bathroom doorway. You have to wait in the doorway.
There is a pillow on the sofa and a square coffee table in front
Walk forward through the kitchen past the stove and the sink. Once you pass the kitchen you will enter the dining room. In the dining room stop next to the first dining chair.
Go away from stairs, turn left alongside stairs and go down the hall. Turn right and go into the bathroom towards the walk in shower. Stop in front of the shower.
The book is placed in the center of a small living room with wood floor.
Walk toward the mirror and walk right into the bedroom on the other side.  Walk through the bedroom and out the door into the hallway.  Turn right and walk into the room and stop after stepping on the carpet.
The sink is in front of a big mirror and under four lights.
below a light, in front of a mirror
Pass the dining table on the right and go down the hallway until you reach the end. Go through the door at the end, and continue to the three vertices pictures on the far wall.  Turn left to face the canisters on a counter and wait.
Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom, exit the bedroom, turn right, wait at the top of the stairs.
The chair is near a study and opposite to a corridor with a wooden stair.
Take a left after the bed and walk into the bathroom on the right. Wait in the bathroom.
The poster is in a small single room.
Orient yourself so when you go forward, you'll pass by with the kitchen island on your right, then move forward towards the fireplace in the distance. Once you move onto the carpet, stop and move slightly left to get even with the corner of the table.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Continue down the hall and turn left into the kitchen area. Once you enter the kitchen area turn right. Immediately turn right again. Wait in the smaller kitchen area in front of the sink.
Turn right and walk around the table, then walk through the sitting area and enter the foyer. Stop on the landing near the bottom of the stairs.
Turn right to walk out of the bathroom.Walk straight past the sink on the left and the open doorway. Turn left through the doorway and walk  to the staircase. Pause as the staircase.
These pillows are on a big bed and near a lamp.
Head past the stairs.  Turn left at the end table with the chessboard. Enter the bedroom and stand in front of the middle closet door.
The lamps are above a table with a silvery sink and opposite to a gray cabinet.
next to the bed, facing the door
The stool is placed under the table near the balcony.
Walk straight. After you pass a painting of flowers on the left, turn left. Wait near the bathtub.
Finish walking up the last few steps and turn right. Walk past the stair railing and counter, into the large living room. Wait by the chair at the closest end of the table.
Go along the balcony, once near the top of the stairs stop.
Go into the kitchen. Go past the dining table. Turn right and go into the gym room.
Walk through the door into the dining room area. Walk towards the dining table and through the door into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen past the island counter and into the next room with a dinign table.
Stand in front of the dresser with the flowers and frame on it and exit the room through the door on the left at 11 o'clock position. Walk over the carpet and stop after passing over the corner on the far left.  It is in the doorway to the next room.
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Then turn to your right and stop by the bathroom door.
Walk forward and enter the door that is straight and in front of you at the end. Walk inside the room, and turn left. Walk forward towards the bed and turn right towards the door in the center, not the corner, and stop there.
The study has the window which opens outwards and near the dining room.
Walk out of the bedroom and past the refrigerator. Stop in front of the sink.
The painting is set near two skateboards, above a white bedside table and near a white and brown bed.
The  suit  case is  set on the corner  of  the  room.
Walk upstairs and walk through the door on your right.  Walk through the door on your left and continue right down the hall. Stop when you get just inside the door of the bedroom straight ahead.
in the corner, near a massage bed
Exit the room through the middle doorway, and wait at the table.
Go to the right and take a right. Then go straight and into the bedroom. Stop next to the plants in the bedroom.
Head down the stairs and go to the carpeted hall on the right.  Go down the hall and turn right into the bedroom that is right before the railing on the left ends.  Turn left into the bedroom bathroom and stop in front of the shower.
The chair is put in a small bar.
Walk down the path and turn left. Stop outside the glass door.
Walk through the closet and into the kitchen area. Turn right and walk by the refrigerator. Turn right and walk out of the kitchen and stop.
The stool is behind the door,at the back of the black chair,against the wall and is opposite to the cabinet.
Walk out of the room with the toilet and turn right on the red rug into the bedroom.  Walk past the foot of the bed and onto the patio.  Stop just after stepping onto the patio.
head to the doors, walk a few steps into the dining room then walk a few steps right.
Exit the building, walk past the pool and wait on the steppingstones near the hot tub.
This area has lots of benches on each side of corridor .
Walk toward the stair railings and to the top of the stairs heading down.  Do not go down the stairs but rather keep going, turn right, and then walk into the second room on the left.  Stop in the doorway.
Walk into the bedroom area passed the table with the sculpture of the hand and then out of the room into the hallway. Walk passed the small curio cabinet. Walk into the room around the corner passed the plants in a vase. Pass by the bar counter and sink in the room.
Walk though the laundry room to the sink on the end of the counter near an open door. Turn right and walk into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen towards the refrigerator on the right and the end of the counter on the left. Walk forward past the patio doors and to the beginning of the stairs.
Turn to your right and walk towards white armchair to the right of the white coffee table. Continue to move forward around the left side of the dining table until you reach the entrance to the kitchen. Stop at the kitchen's doorway.
Walk straight along the path away from the plants, with the guardrail on your right. Go through the door straight ahead. Once inside, turn left. Stop next to the sink.
The towel is hung on the cabinet below the flower.
Walk right around the couches, through the door, and toward the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn left and walk towards the desk, locate the men's locker room  and proceed inside. Stand next to the water cooler.
When you are standing in front of the giraffe print chair and are facing the wall between the kitchen and doorway, go to the doorway on the left. Next walk through the door and down the hall, when you get to the picture of the zebra make a left. Now go through the doorway and wait in front of the doorway of the first closet on the left.
The chair is in a small working office of the number 365 that only has the room for one person working.
Go straight down the right hallway until it intersects another hallway.
Exit the restroom and take an immediate left past the water cooler and the double glass doors.  Head into the beauty spa store directly on the left.
Turn right and go straight until you get to the treadmill. Wait there.
After you go inside the build walk straight back to the table by the staircase and wait.
Walk to the doorway next to the bedroom. Walk straight to the shower door.
Sofa in living room
Exit the kitchen and enter the bedroom. Enter the bathroom and wait in front of the bathtub.
Move forward towards the mirror, turn left and head down the hallway. In front of you will be two doorways side by side. Enter the doorway on the right which is the bathroom. Wait in that doorway.
Exit the bathroom and pass the chairs. Walk to the arcade and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
between a living room and a study, near a television
Walk forward and make a right walk toward center room, enter and wait.
Walk straight toward the bed. Wait near the fireplace on the right.
Go to the door out of the kitchen. and through the small hallway to the left of the dining room with the large table.  Turn into the door as soon as you pass a painting of a boy walking on a beach.
Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn right on the second door and wait near the stairs going down.
Turn right and walk into the house. Turn right after the post. Wait in front of the table straight ahead.
The area is between the living room and the bedroom on the second floor.
Walk down the stairs and go left down the hallway until you reach the long couch.
Walk forward and pass the fireplace on your left side and continue forward to the hall. Turn left and wait at the doorway.
Exit the bedroom through the glass doorway on the left. Proceed into the great room and then turn left and walk up the first set of stairs. Wait in the bedroom by the doorway.
Walk through a glass doorway.  Turn to the left and go through a white doorway.  Then go towards the stairs.  Wait at the top of the stairs.
the bathroom is in a big bedroom which is near a open-balcony,and near a washroom,dressing room.
Continue up the stairs and keep going straight once you get to the top.  Take the step up to the deck outside and stop on the mat.
Go straight and pass the fireplace and all the couches then stop at the very end right in front of the door.
The television is set near two small beige sofas and above a beige table.
Leave the toilet and take a left at the counter. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Go towards the single chandelier in view and then through the white double doors, make a left before the white couch, go straight through the room with the glass sliding doors on the left, go towards the kitchen area, and stop at the counter with the three counter chairs.
The chair is near a study.
There is a sink and a pot of flower above the drawer.
The table is set at the center of the living room, on the second floor.
The wall is beside the door.
Leave the office heading to the dining room. Walk through the room and into the kitchen. Stop in the doorway to the sitting room.
Stand so the orange chairs are on your right and walk straight out the door of the bedroom and down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn left and walk.  Turn left after the couch.
In the corridor take a right towards the stairs and take the next right, and another right into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the refrigerator. Enter the living room through the last door on the left. Stop once you enter the room.
Exit the bathtub and leave the bathroom. Enter the bedroom and turn right. Go up four stairs after leaving the bedroom and wait there at the top.
Vase near living room
Walk down the hallway with the pool outside on the left. Stop by the double doors at the end of the hall.
Go through the doors marked with a blue dot.
under the big table, in front of the stairs, among four stools and first from left
Exit toilet to bathroom, turn slight left into sink and walk straight passed sinks into bedroom, turn left through double doors and stop on top of stairs.
The lamp is in the master bedroom.
Start by making a right up the staircase. At the top of the staircase, keep straight into the main dining area.
Walk through the brown double doors. Continue straight into the hall with a wooden floor. Stop next to the painting of a cheetah.
Leave the bedroom, and go down the hall. Go up the stairs, and stop outside of the bathroom on the left.
With the door to the outdoors to your left and the fireplace to your right, move forward and slightly right to pass by the staircase on your left and move onto the tile flooring from the wooden flooring. Once you're on the tile flooring, continue forward until you can go through the opening on your right marked with the sign "Restroom" above it. Turn left and enter the men's room. Stop in front of the first urinal.
The chair is in front of a big white fireplace and its left has two black sofas
the dining room is near a living room and a stair.
There are some pillows on the bed and two  night table near the bed
Walk past the red couch and out the door. Walk through the living room and past the two red chairs. Stop after you walk into the dining room.
Go straight past the sink and then exit the room. Go straight and enter the second door on the left. Wait there.
Turn slightly to the left, then head that way before turning hard right followed by a slight left until you've made it to the very first room on the right then stop at the doorway.
The umbrella is placed in a reading room.
go towards the living room area, go to the kitchen area, turn left beside the bar,  turn right beside the refrigerator and stop beside the refrigerator.
The chair is in a bedroom.
To take right and turn left and enter bedroom. Opp side of bedroom.
Turn right. Walk in front of the windows all the way down to the door on the right. Exit through the door into the hallway. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the bathtub.
Turn around and walk to the right of the desk and long table with chairs. Stop at the end of the long table.
Go up the stairs. Take a right, and stop once you pass the bedroom.
Walk right to end of couch, turn left and walk to fireplace, turn slight left and walk through archway, turn hard right in hallway and enter bedroom, stop next too bench.
Walk into the main room and make a sharp turn right. Walk outside and stop just past the mat.
there is a white clothing cabinet placed opposite the bed ,and a beautiful painting put on the back wall
Turn approximately 90 degrees to the right. Move forward. Turn slightly to the right. Wait at the edge of the carpeted walk way.
across from the staircase, below the clock
Walk through the gym into the living room. Turn left and walk down the hallway to the left of the plant.  Turn left at the staircase.  Walk up to the second stair and stop.
the sofa is on a carpet and  in the front of the cabinet
Go up two sets of stairs. Go to the entrance of the first room on the right side.
At the bottom of the stairs turn left. Walk down the hallway passed the stairs on the left. Continue down the hallway until you can turn right.  Stop in front of the bedroom door.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go into the room. Wait near the bed.
Walk to the foot of the bed and turn right towards the fireplace.  Stand in the corner behind the chair and the fireplace.
Walk along the brick path to the left. Walk up the two steps and go past the hot tub on the right. Walk down the two steps on the left and go through the rock garden. Wait near the patio chairs.
Walk through the doorway between the two fireplaces. Wait at the gilded armoire.
Walk out of the large passageway, over the oriental rug, and into the doorway just past it. Make a right into the room. Make a left around the tall bookshelf. Walk straight into the room with the treadmills in it.
aginst the wall behind the open door;
the bedroom is near the corridor and a stair.
on a long table, next to a book
Enter the pool area. Walk around the couches and patio furniture and enter the house. Turn left and enter the bedroom and wait there.
near the mazarine bed and another lamp with the same color and shape, next to a long wall painting
The cabinet is placed above the microwave and the toaster near the toilet.
Walk past the chair and turn right. Stop behind the white chair.
It hangs on the first floor where face the garden.
The cabinet is set opposite to a black shutter and a white and brown bed.
Walk inside and turn right at the end of the room.  Walk past the bed and into the bathroom.  Stop after stepping into the bathroom.
Enter the door on the right with the desk, travel through the room out the door, then take a left, enter the room and immediately enter the door on the right. You will be in an empty room with a ceiling fan.
Go straight until you get to the mirror at the end. Wait there.
The table is in a small room that has a number of 307.
The table is in the balcony.
Turn around and exit the door. Once out turn left and walk forward. Enter the 2nd door on the left. Stop when you reach the 2 table beds.
Head forward past the bed. Turn left and stop at top of stairs.
Exit the room to the right and enter the room across the hall. Walk past the staircase and stop before reaching the counter.
Go straight past the desk then turn left.  Go in the bedroom and then go into the bathroom doorway on the right and wait.
Leave bathroom and continue straight in hall, turn slight left into sitting room, turn left into dining room and stop at table.
The loudspeaker box is set in the hall.
Go through the door with the plaque reading "Sunset Room", then turn left and go into the bathroom ahead and to your left.
Walk straight down the hallway, past four pictures on your right...and walk through the doorway straight ahead. Take an immediate left down the smaller hallway before the bed, and stop before you reach the bathroom.
Make a 180 degree turn and walk straight to the white door with a brown, wooden handle. Wait here with the white door in front of you.
The vase is set on the left side of a beige sofa, near two small beige sofas and near a stove.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and walk toward the abstract painting on the wall. Go to the right of the painting, and enter the left door into the room with the desk. Stop inside the room.
Mirror is in the bedroom.
There is a sink and a water-tap above the drawer.
Turn around and walk past the red cupboards and the red chairs. Take a right at the sink and walk up the stairs. Wait in the bedroom.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the door straight ahead. Wait there.
Walk straight toward the red and purple couches. Pass them and go up the steps on the left. Wait near the sink of the kitchen.
next to several switches;near a big squared bed;
Walk towards the kitchen counter and take a right. Stop in front of the second pillar on your left.
Go straight toward the round table  then turn left and walk outside using the large double doors. Wait there.
The lamp is in a white and bright bathroom.
Leave bathroom and walk past the living room.  Wait at the dining table.
Walk towards stair case, go up stairs, and stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk down one set of stairs.  When you reach the stair landing continue straight, and turn right to walk up the stairs.  Enter the next room.  Wait by the door.
The back of the stool  is the living room and the front is the kitchen
Walk forward to the right side of the stairs.When the room opens up, turn right and walk past all the tables and chairs. Exit the large door leading outside and stop behind the first chair on the right.
Exit the bedroom and move toward the right down the hall. Go up the stone tile stairs and make a left when you see the brown dresser with the glass vase on top end in the doorway area where there are two closed doors on your left and the entry way to the sitting room.
Walk through the barroom, pass the fireplace and then wait by the dinning room doors.
Turn around and walk past the large table. Keep heading forward to the door leading outside and stop right in front of the door.
Walk inside the building, walk straight between the kitchen and living room area. Stop in the bathroom doorway.
The decorations are hanging in a bar.
The computer is in front of a black chair,next to a bottle and a lamp and above the white table.
Walk to the left of the large silver column, then turn right and stop in the doorway that goes outside, with the red art piece to the right.
Leave the dining room and walk through the washroom into the sitting room. Wait in the doorway near the couch.
Walk down the stairs and stop to the left of the chair.
on a platform , below the water tap
Turn left and then turn right. Follow the hall and stop just after the American flag.
on the cabinet , next to the wall
You're going to walk outside to the pool.  Walk between the couch, on your right as you pass, and the table, on your left as you pass.  Walk though the large open doorway to the outside.  Stay on the marble pathway, and stop when you get to the pool.
go straight down the hallway, turn right at the end of the hallway, go straight, turn left, stop by the exterior door.
The desk is in a corridor.
Enter the massage room that is straight ahead and to the left. Wait there.
Turn around and exit the kitchen and living area. Enter the dining room and wait next to the table with the lamp on it.
Walk past the desk towards the stairs.  Stop in front of the stairs but stay facing a seating area.
Turn right and walk up to the top of the stairs.
Go down the stairs. Turn left and walk straight until you get to the kitchen/dinning room area. Wait near the table and chairs.
The vase is near a big brown table and on the right side of a big vase.
The switch is close to the balcony and living room.
Go through the hallway to the left, and walk to the left corner of the rope and stop.
The bathroom is next to the study and the dining room.
on the carpet, below the lamp
Open the shower door and step out. Turn right. Walk out the door. Make a hard right and walk into the bedroom. Stop inside the doorway.
Go inside Turn left, walk past the purple flowers. Stop in the doorway to the right of the towels.
Exit the bathroom then go straight into the double doors. Wait near the chairs.
Turn around and take a right. Walk through the open doorway. Take a left and wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
Go past the couches and turn right. Turn right again into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Exit the bathroom and turn sharp right. Pass that room and go out to the door straight ahead. Wait in that hallway.
on the cabinet, next to the wall
Go to the steel chairs. Go to the bedroom door. Go to the lamp. Go to the shelf. Go to the desk.
Walk down the hall and past the pots. Stop behind the end table.
turn right then walk straight, turn left at the wood door and enter the room with bed on the outside.
Exit the closet, and make a right. Exit the bedroom, and make a left. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Make a right at the smoke detector on the ceiling. Wait at the foot of the bed.
on a black table, next to a book
Leave the office and go left. Walk down the hallway toward the wooden and glass double doors. Turn left before going through the double doors, Arrive in a room of cubicles.
Exit the bathroom by walking forward down the wooden-floored hallway. Continue ahead until you pass the first chair on your left. Bear left around the second brown leather chair. Stop just short of the open doorway. Then wait here.
Enter the office and take a left. Wait in the entryway of the second office with the copy machine.
Go past the staircase and down the hallway, stop in front of the first grey chair.
Walk to the left of the mirror, through the door, and outside through the door to the left. Stop when you get to the plants on the right, next to the pool.
The pen is in the reception.
in front of a pillow,on the left of a wooden desk,on the right of a painting
Walk into the building and behind the couch. Stop by the end table.
Turn to the left and continue walking into the house.  You'll walk past the dining room table and then take a left, into a room with a desk.  Walk to the desk and stop.
The stool is in a kitchen.
Go down the stairs and to the living room. Turn right and go to the entrance to the pool room. Turn right and at the entrance to the bathroom.
Walk down the walkway and wait at the top of the steps.
Turn around and go by the pillars. Keep going straight and then turn left and go by the fan.
Walk counter clockwise around the table and enter the building.  Stop on the left side of the chair with the polka dots.
outdoor
Leave the closet, and take a right. Leave the room, and veer left down the hallway. Enter the bedroom on the right on the wall straight ahead. Stop once you are in the bedroom.
Go straight until you go through the round opening and all the way straight until you get to a very large room with green carpet. Wait there.
there is a tap above the sink ,and the washing table is black and under several handicrafts
Walk inside and go straight.  When you get to the circular marble table in the middle of the room, turn left.  Stop in front of the drinking fountain.
they are near a black table and a vase.
Facing the mirror take a right and enter the bedroom and walk towards the two chairs and straight pass the chaise lounge onto the patio and stop inside the doorway to the patio.
Turn around and walk along the long table to the other end. Keep walking straight and stop at the first wood chair with a white cushion in the sitting room.
Walk down the stairs and make a left past the couch. Make a right when you're in front of the couch go down the hall then go in the bedroom on the far right and wait.
Walk across the kitchen and out the right side to where all the doors are. Turn and enter the door to the far left, closest to the kitchen. Stop once you enter facing the pipes and dryer.
Facing the mirror, make a left, go through the hallway, make a slight left toward the staircase and then make a right and then wait near the round table on the left.
Walk through the glass doors. Turn right and walk towards the chairs. Walk towards the sofas outside. Wait there.
Leave the bathroom and make a right to go in the living room. Then make a left in the living room and walk to the dining room and wait.
next to the white bed and another lamp with the same color and shape, near the mirror
Walk past bedroom door. Make right at bathroom vanity. Wait at water closet door.
Exit the bedroom and take a left. Enter the bathroom and wait there.
between decorations and a same massage bed, near a door
Exit the bathroom a walk through the bedroom to the hallway. Turn right and wait in the room on the first right.
Walk through the dining room past the table and into the hall on the other side. Walk around the support columns past the small bar counter and through the arched door. Stop in the hallway next to the bar area.
below the mirror, next to the vase
The bowl is set near a reading room and the hall.
on the left of the table, in front of the bush
Walk up the three steps, and turn right towards the hallway passing the staircase on your left. Walk forward all the way to the end where you see a round big mirror on the wall. Turn left to the staircase., and stop at the fourth stairs.
Go straight and turn down the hall on the right. Turn right into the living room, and go left before the couch. Go straight and stop just left of the table and chairs.
Walk past the stairs and enter the open room.  Walk past the four bar stools and stop after passing the last one.
The vase was next to the door, next to the wall.
Walk out of the glass door nearest to you. . Walk through the hall past the hanging tapestry. Walk along the hall over the floor rug. Turn the corner and walk into the bedroom.
Go straight and then turn left. Enter the entryway and then turn left to pass the couch again. Keeping going straight and stop outside of the island.
Turn left and exit the door. Walk forward directly towards another room where the toilet bowl is visible. Stand outside the door and stop there.
Enter the house. Go past the bed and go into the room on the right. Wait near the sinks.
on the left of the same sink; beside a hair drier
on the left of a wheel,on the third row of the shell that's on the left of the corridor door and under a white model
Leave dining room to main lobby, walk towards main entry. Stop at entry doors.
Head straight through the doorway into the area with the large table. Enter the first arched pathway on the left into the study/library and stop.
The washroom is inside the bedroom, which is on the second floor, on the left of the stairs and in the central of the corridor.
Walk out of the room with the piano and into the living room. Wait just outside the doorway and behind the couch.
Walk out of the bathroom and take an immediate right into the bedroom. Upon entering the room, take an immediate right and follow the short hallway into the bathroom.
Leave the bathroom area and walk past the water cooler, mirrors, lockers, and enter a room with glass doors on the left.  Stop in the center of this room.
The sofa is near a black telephone and a metal lamp and next to a black table.
The reading hall is behind the restaurant and close to a meeting room and some boothes.
walk towards the pictures on the wall then make a right turn to the bedroom, wait inside the bathroom.
From porch enter house walk through kitchen into bedroom. Wait at bed.
The keyboard is set near two screens and a black telephone.
walk away from the purple couch, through the middle of the four similar chair, turn right and walk past the floor lamp and dining table, stop at the doorway to the outside.
Walk into the building and past the couch. Walk across the room and out the door. Turn right and walk into the room. Stop behind the brown chair on the right.
enter office, turn left, exit office, enter hall, stop in bathroom doorway on left.
The display is in a big office.
a room within a bathtub.
The door is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
Walk from cigar case across room to restrooms. Enter left hand side and stop between urinals and sinks.
turn back, straight head , turn at left door then exit the room stand outside the next room door.
Turn right in the hallway and turn left after going up three stairs.  Walk towards the circular staircase on the right with the iron railings and stop just before taking the first step.
There is a router and TV directly above it.
on the right of an end table with magazines on it; beside the door of men's changing room.
With the couch on your right take a left and walk between the chair and table then take a right and walk straight into the hall and stop with the pillar and the sign on your left side.
The cabinet is set at a side of the kitchen.
Walk out of the bedroom, past the bathroom, into the hallway. Turn left and walk forwards. Stop on top of the stairs.
Go along the railing passed the stairs on your left and keep going straight until your in the middle of the hallway, then stop.
Turn right and turn right again after the desk on the right. Wait next to the cabinets and microwave.
Go through the door to the hall. Turn left and cross over the glass floor to the small hallway. Go to the doorway of the room on the left.
Exit the bedroom, and walk past the stairs on the left. Make a right, and walk out the open front door. Wait on the door mat.
walk away from sink through doorway, turn left when you reach the windows, walk up two marble steps and stop.
on the wall, above the toilet
Walk by the patio set and enter the house, then turn left and enter the bathroom. Stand by the sink.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the dining room and behind the dining room chairs. Walk past the island into the hallway and stop.
Walk through the doorway and turn left. Walk toward the stairs and turn right. Walk past the stairs and turn left. Walk into the doorway to the left of the vase and stop.
Exit the room, turn left, walk ahead till stairs, turn left, walk down stairs.
Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Turn right and walk straight up the stairs and into the kitchen.  Stop after passing the two bar stools at the counter top.
turn left to open door and enter bedroom, walk towards bed. At bed turn hard right and enter bathroom. Stop just inside with towel bar on your left.
Go upstairs onto the wooden patio and turn right into the white-trimmed door. Once inside the house, make another right where you will enter a room where there is a washer and a dryer. Walk a little upwards a make a left into the bedroom just before entering the restroom. Wait at the bedroom door before entering the bedroom.
Go past the bed and out the middle door then go straight toward the stairs and stop.
The bottle is near a wooden salver and behind of a red sofa.
Stand so the room with the big red couch is behind you and walk straight down the hallway.  Stop in the doorway of the room with the glass floor in the middle before entering.
Exit the laundry room into the kitchen, then turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue forward until you reach the stairs going upward on your right. Climb one flight of stairs and stop in the doorway directly ahead of you.
Walk up the stairs. Take a sharp left. Walk behind the stairs and take a left. Wait in the laundry room.
Turn left and go past the stairs on your right then turn right and go past the bench on your right. Enter the room on your right and wait by the white couch.
Go down the stairs, turn left, go down the stairs, turn right, walk to the doorway to the living room, turn right, wait at the top of the stairs.
Exit bathroom, turn left and stop at entry way door.
Go straight through the glass doors. Walk past the desk. Continue straight until you see three lounge chairs. Turn left and go straight until you get to a room with a square design on the floor. Wait there.
Walk past the foot of the bed and out the door.  Stop just after stepping out of the room.
Exit the room, turn left, enter the bathroom, and stop in front of the sink.
Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Turn left and exit the door to the right. Once out turn right and start to go down the stairs. Stop after you go down 3 stairs.
Exit the bathroom using the door on the far left. Turn right and then turn right into the hallway. Wait there.
Turn right in the hallway and go straight until you get to a red painting on the wall. Turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Walk past the framed wall art on the left. Make a right just before the open bedroom door. Walk past the area rug on the floor. Wait at the threshold of the open door on the left.
Walk to the foot of the bed and walk right.  Go through the door on the right and walk down the hallway.  Stop in the doorway of the second door from the end of the hallway.
The television is near a corridor.
Walk forward down the hall, then turn right and go past the dining room table. Wait near the kitchen.
Walk up the stairs and around the corner into the bathroom and wait at the door where the toilet is.
The chair is set in a sunny balcony.
Go down the hall to the first doorway on the left and stop in the sitting area in front of the door.
Walk past swing. Walk past tray of fruit. Wait in threshold of kitchen door.
Go straight along the porch, passed the first door on your left and then make a left into the door on your left, go inside and passed the statues and wait near the table.
The mirror is set in the bright bedroom.
Turn left and walk along the path and enter the house. Turn to your right and enter bedroom. Wait by the tv.
The book is set on the corridor.
face the French window, next to the toilet
Go straight ahead and enter the hallway. Turn left to stop on the stairs.
Leave the bathroom and go down the hall. Take the first left into a bedroom. Stop just inside the door.
The hand door is close to the balcony and the living room.
The booth is the nearest to the number 5 meeting room and by side of the reading area.
Walk past TV. Exit bedroom, and walk past chair on the right. Make a right at the end of the hallway. Make a right through the open french doors. Wait in the threshold of the open doors.
Walk through the hall into the next room and left around the chairs. Walk through the doorway and right around the desk. Walk through the doorway to the left of the chairs and stop.
Go around the bed and into the doorway on the left. Walk through the hall and into the first door on the left. Stop near the beds.
The sink is in a glass washbasin in a bathroom.
Turn left and go to the stairs. Ascend the stairs.
When you are in the hall in front of the front door make a slight right, and go into the living room. Once you are in the living room make another slight right and go to the kitchen. Now to the refrigerator and walk out of the kitchen, make a right and wait.
Walk forward and enter the bedroom and stand near the closet.
Walk past the wall oven on the right. Walk between the kitchen island and the dining table. Walk past the built-in kitchen desk on the left. Walk past the formal dining room on the left. Wait at the column on the left.
Walk to the top of the stairs, turn left at the top, stop in front of the two door that kiddie corner each other.
There are two chairs with the same colour ,shape on its left and one chair with the same colour, shape on its right.There are five chairs with the same colour ,shape opposite to it.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to the stairs and then wait on the top of the stairs.
Head in to the hall and down the corridor on the left. Wait by the fire extinguisher.
Exit bathroom, and walk into bedroom, turn right and walk toward door, make a left after door toward stairs, then walk right toward washing room.
The dining is next to a kitchen and there is a bathroom upstairs.
Walk out of the room and left around the corner. walk to the left side of the bed and stop.
Walk through the door on the wall next to the bathroom sink. Walk into the hallway and turn the corner past the painting on the wall. Continue down the hall past the red abstract painting and walk into the bedroom door near the painting. Walk through the bedroom and out onto the deck area on the other side of the rooom.
There's a pool on one side and an open kitchen on the other
on the shell,in front of the glowing advertising board and behind a piece of white cloth
Walk down the narrow hallway with the handicapped bathroom on the left. Take a left into the bedroom.  Stop in the bedroom in the doorway.
The table is surrounded by four chairs and near a black television.
The box is placed in a tearoom.
The chair is settled in the corner of a big bedroom.
Walk to the right of the island and turn left. Walk through the entryway on the right and turn left. Walk up to the fourth step and stop.
Go straight.  Go up the stairs and onto the rug.  Stop in the middle of the rug and wait.
The bathroom is the one placed in big bedroom which attached with balcony and a small dressing room.
Walk down the stairs. Walk straight in front of the stairs into the doorway of the bathroom. Stop at the door.
From the top of the stairs, continue walking straight ahead through the door opening into the bedroom. Go to the left and through the sliding glass door, out onto the balcony.
Go to the bed. Go to the desk. Go to the black light switches. Go to the sink. Go to the two chairs. Go to the wicker chair.
at the corner of the women's changing room.
Go straight down the hallway outside of the bedroom. Go straight and stop in front of the far door on the right, next to the light switch.
Walk towards the giant leather couch.  Pass the fireplace on your way to the glass door leading outside. Exit the house.  Wait here.
The telephone is in the 302 office.
The washbasin is located in a man washroom.
Go straight past all the table and chairs and wait near the room that says meeting room on the right.
Turn around and go through the screen door to the left of the stairs. Go to the doorway on the left and stop.
Go through door past the two orange lounge chairs. Continue slightly right, past the orange seat.
Walk past the red and purple furniture in the living room area and the glass table on your left.  Turn left and walk up the small staircase into the kitchen area and wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk through the bathroom until you reach the bedroom. Walk into the bedroom door.
The photo is set in the bright livingroom.
The picture is hung on the wall above the guitar.
The office is along the corridor connecting the tea room and the restaurant and in front of some meeting room.
The dustbin is in a median size meeting room with the identifier of 348.
Walk straight past the bathtub, turn right, and exit the room out of the wooden door.  Stay right and continue past the billiard table.  Enter the doorway just beyond the wooden chair on the right.  Wait here.
on the left of the door.
Turn around and go inside. Walk past the bed and couch. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk towards front door. Turn left and walk to end of hallway. Turn right, and walk into room on the left. Wait behind the desk, next to the picture on the wall.
The club is next to the balcony and near the gym.
go through door and turn right, enter second room on right.
Head down the corridor away from the cinema room. Enter the living area and walk toward the large couch. Enter the dining area to the left. Stop there.
Turn right and walk towards the table. Walk past the doorway to the right. Enter the bedroom and wait there.
Walk away from the glass doors behind you, and take a right through the glass doors on the right. Walk down the hallway and go through the second door on the right. Stop just outside of the bathroom.
The shower is set in the washroom.
There is a laundry basket and a wardrobe in a man washroom.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the right of the stair and there is a balcony outside and a washroom inside.
Walk left past the table and toward the front door. Turn left and walk up the stairs. Turn right and stop just past the railing at the top of the stairs.
Walk out of the bathroom and into the room, head left and out the other door and then make a hard left and continue to the open space. Stop once at the start of it.
Turn around and enter the dining area. Exit the dining area and enter the living room. Wait next to the couch.
The office is around the corner of a junction of three roads and on the left of the stairway door.
Turn right to exit the living area. Walk straight ahead into the study and wait there next to the table.
Turn around to face the sliding doors. Walk straight through the door until you see steps. Walk up to the top of the steps. Stand on the next floor up.
The doorhand is in the bathroom.
Go inside through the door that is perpendicular to the guardrail. Then turn left stop next to the thermostat on the wall.
With the refrigerator to your immediate left, walk forward until you're just past the kitchen island on your left.
The picture is in the second row and second column of the six pictures and near a cabinet with a silver ship.
next to a clock, on the fifth layer of a shelf
Go straight then walk toward the round table. After you pass the round table continue straight and go out the door on the left. Wait there.
facing a long table, next to a lamp
Turn to your right and go through the door that leads outside on the deck. Walk towards the hot tub and turn left before the hot tub and walk on the deck past the grill on the right and walk through the door back into the house.
The telephone is on a short grey desk that is under a whiteboard ,next to a socket and in front of a big grass wall.
Walk around the dining room table and stop on the edge of the carpet at the head on the opposite side of where you started, right by the table with the animal sculptures on it.  Stop in front of the pig sculpture.
Turn around and exit the bathroom and enter the closet. Wait near the bench.
Leave bedroom and walk down the next room, turn left to kitchen and enter, turn hard left to other bedroom and continue in bedroom to stop at the bath tub.
The bedroom is on the second floor, in the end of the corridor and there is a washroom inside. There is a balcony and a stairs outside.
The TV is in the cabinet, facing the bed.
The chair is placed under the table and the flower in the dining room.
Walk inside and walk right until you enter the kitchen.  Stop by the first chair at the wooden table under the chandelier.
Exit the bathroom, head straight, turn right at the wall, then turn right again and stop in the doorway by the table.
Walk straight through kitchen area.  Pass the washing machine wait by bedroom door.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Continue down the hall and into the room straight ahead and stop before the desk with two green chairs.
There is a black platform near the vase and a big window near it.
Exit the bathroom through the door on the left. Go straight and stop in front of the double doors to the right.
The box is placed near a stairs and a big conference room.
Exit the office then turn right when you get to the exit sign turn left and wait there.
Face the staircase.  Walk up two sets of stairs.  Wait at the top of stairs.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out, turn left and keep walking forward until you walk through the double doors straight ahead. Stop once you enter the room and reach the rug.
Turn left and walk through the room to the doorway on the left. Turn left again once through the doorway and continue down the hallway with the display table on the left. Turn right at the first door on the right and stop in the doorway. This is the doorway to the laundry room.
Go out the door and turn right.Then go through the first door and stand at the bottom of the second flight of stairs.
The lamp is in the lounge.
Make a right around the closet corner. Walk straight down until you reach the sliding glass door.
Walk to the potted plant next to the staircase.  Enter the room to the left of the potted plant.
in the middle of big table, above the cabinet
The stack of books in a small meeting room with the number of 03.
Turn around, move forward 4 steps, stop.
The sofa is in a rest room.
walk through the doorway to the left of the chairs, continue straight past the appliances and fridge, stop in front of the washer and dryer.
The chair is in the corner of a wide bedroom.
Go all the way down the stairs and then go down the hallway in the 11 o'clock position from the base of the stairs.  Keep walking straight until you enter a bedroom and stop after entering.
by side of the swimming pool;
With the black and white painting to your left, walk straight towards the room with the couch and rug in it.  When you enter this room, walk through it and walk outside.  Stop just after stepping outside.
The chair is in a lounge.
Exit the bathroom and go straight down the hallway to the end of the hall. Go the door leading into the bedroom on the left side of the hall and wait at the doorway.
The bedroom is next to the stairs and faces the bathroom.
Go past circle lights on the floor. Go through the door and head straight. Continue past the water tank. Stop near the sinks.
The pot culture is near the stairs and opposite the kitchen
the far right  one of these similar tables;
The bag is hung behind the door,on the right side of the air-conditioner on the floor and at the corner of the office.
The picture is next to a study.
The room is along the corridor leading to the exit and at the corner of a junction of three roads.
Exit the office then turn left and go al the way down the hallway until you get to the exit sign and stop.
exit bathroom to hall, turn slight right to living room, turn left and walk towards dinning room, turn slight right and enter dinning room, stop between table and counter.
Exit the bathroom, cross the room passed the black doors on the right and then go to the right, passed the room with white counters in it, then go to the spot between the glass wall and the third counter chair.
Walk toward the Lioness display next to the reception desk.  Walk straight down the hallway past three large stone vases to the double doors at the end of the hallway.  Stop inside the double doors.
Leave the room, and go left. Walk down the hall, and take a right at the elevator. Stop in front of the stairs.
The chair is on the opposite side of a corridor.
Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward into the bedroom with 2 beds and wait.
Enter siting room and walk straight across it passing chairs and table. turn right following rope.Turn left at open door. Enter through double doors and stop in the middle of the room beside chairs.
leave closet and turn left out the door. turn slight left and continue down hall. Turn hard left at doorway to massage room. Stop between beds.
Facing away from the sink walk through the doorway on your left, walk through the doorway on the right side of the large clock. Walk straight down the hallway towards the staircase, step down one step and stop.
There are one chair with the same size and state on its right and three chairs with the same size and state on its left.There are four chairs with the same size and state opposite to it.
Walk towards the desk located on the right side of the room. Pass behind the desk and chair. Walk past behind the next desk. Stop at the wooden box.
The windows are in the wall in a living room.
Head indoors, walk straight through the archway and stop in the corridor and wait near the leather chairs.
Move across the patio and pass through the two white chairs near the doorway. Pass through the doorway and turn left. Move forward with the bed to your right. Move across the carpet with the grey chair just to your left and then stop at the doorway to the hallway with five pictures on the wall.
on the wall, next to the table
The photo is set in a bookcase, near a blue photo and near a black fitness equipment.
Walk down the path in between the pool and grass. Stop outside the doors to the house.
walk down the hall, turn left stop at the counter.
Go forward to edge of bed. Stop at door exit.
This area has two washbasins and a large wardrobe.
go through closet, turn left.
Walk through the living room and into the dining room area. Stand next to the dining room table.
The keyboard is on the middle thite desk,in front of the computer and surrounded by four chairs.
the washroom is near a bedroom and a stair.
The stool is placed a small conference room.
Leave the office and take a left. Take the next left at the hallway. Walk down the hall and enter the first office on the left. Stop next to the door to office 359.
Exit empty office into hall, turn right, and walk to end of hall a T. Stop at T in hall.
Leave the TV room and walk into the office. Leave the office and enter the bedroom, and take a left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
below a wall lamp;near a brown cabinet;
the dining room is near a living  room and a balcony.
Exit the bathroom toward the room. Turn left and go out the door on your left. Turn left and go into the room on the right. Wait near the bed.
This area is near a kitchen and near a stair.
Walk down the long hallway and wait at the first door.
The stool is next to a big bed and near two sockets.
Walk down the hallway until you reach two doors that face each other.  Enter the room on the left and stop in front of the bed.
Exit the bathroom, go through the bedroom and exit it, go down the hallway, walk between the kitchen and living room and stand facing the back door and dining table.
walk through the doorway between the wood tables, continue past the bar and towards the left at the cigar case. Walk down the hallway and stop in the middle of the black bench.
Exit the room then exit the next room with two white lounge chairs. Then turn left and go into the room of the corner door. Stop just inside, next to the screened area.
Enter the hallway, turn left and walk down the hall and across the loft. Wait in the hallway.
a hall with a rounded bar in the center.
The box is in a narrow room.
Walk out the bathroom door and turn left. Go down to the end of that hallway where you'll see a glass wall and turn right. Go through the glass doors at the end of the hallway.
Go to the railing Go to the first painting Go to the mirror Go to the second painting Go left to the doorway Go to the phone.
A bed is next to the drawer. A chair is near the drawer. At the right of the drawer are three pillows.
Go through the door on your left. Walk past the bar and turn left. Turn to the second door on your right and stop once you reach it.
Walk into the building and past the coffee table. Walk past the table and chairs and to the left of the island. Walk around the corner and into living room. Stop in the middle of the entryway.
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to the kitchen.
exit bedroom to the right and go up stairs. stop in the middle of red rug next to plant.
the rest room is next to a dining room and a living room.
The bedroom is on the right side of it
The sofa is set in the home theatre.
Exit the room out the glass door to your right. Once out, turn left and head towards the door leading out. Stop right outside when you exit through the door.
Turn right. Walk past couch through doorway. Walk down stairs into kitchen and stop.
The stool is set in the spacious kitchen.
Walk past the dish washer and stove and turn right. Walk to next to the table and chairs and stop.
next to the woody doors, below the white towels
Walk out of the bathroom passing the sink and closet area. Walk into the bedroom and walk alongside towards the wooden cabinet near the doorway.
Walk up the steps and turn left. Walk around the bed and stop in the bathroom.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Walk up the stairs. Turn right into the living room and wait there.
The flower is placed upon the table in the kitchen.
The book is opposite to the gate of the 05 meeting rooom and behind the restaurant.
The carpet is set on the ground ,near a bookshelf.
This  area has lots of red  chairs and a  white desk.
Turn around and walk through the room with the woven chairs. Walk up the two steps and turn left through the open doors. Walk through the hallway and stop before the window with white shade that is drawn down.
The television is set near two black screens and near a big black fitness equipment.
With the deck behind you, walk all the way down the right side of the room, passing couches and a fireplace.  Stop after you pass the final couch and are in front of the white door.
The photo is set in the bedroom.
Go past the sofa and turn left before you get to the bench, and wait at the door way of the room that has a large sectional and a round mirror.
Exit the bathroom and turn left.  proceed down the hallway towards the bedroom and stop before you make it to the white carpet.
Turn around and walk up the stairs. At the top, turn left and stop when you reach the first door on your right.
The washroom has a door and a white hair dryer.
The sofa is in a big living room.
The lamp is on a stool and there is a phone next to it
Exit the office through the double doors. Take the first right in the hall. Go into the bathroom and stand next to the sink.
Turn around and go to the large archway. At the arches, continue to the front door and stop.
From fireplace walk across large dinning room to center of room. Stop in front of large main table.
next to a counter, near a water dispenser
Walk through the room passed the wooden piano. Walk up the small steps and through the tiled room past the reception desk and out through the front door.
Go passed the stairs on the left, keep going straight between the living room set and the counter, go along the counter and take a few steps out from the counter and stop.
Head into the hallway and turn right. Travel down the hallway until you reach the laundry area and turn left. Wait at the laundry machines.
The computer is on a yellow table mat,next to a lamb and in front of a chair.
Move forward until you are past the couch. Turn right. Go forward until you reach the door on the right at the end of the hall. Go to the door.
Leave the bedroom and take a left. Take a left the banister ahead, and go through the doorway. stop next to the light switch on the left wall.
Walk into living room. Turn right and walk into archway next to chair. Stop at tall planter with plant.
Go up the steps then turn right and  go straight past the round table after you pass the round table turn right between the large white marble pot on the left and the fake sink on the right. Then turn left wait near the black and red carpet.
Head out the entry way to the right of the large farm painting. Once out turn right and walk to the other side of the living room and out the door to the left of the TV. Once out the doorway turn left and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
on the right side of this hall;
Walk to the water fountain and go right.  Walk to the round white marble table in the middle of the room and go left.  Walk to the stairs and stop at the bottom without going up.
The bedroom is on the first floor and there is a garden outside.
Walk out of the bathroom past the bathtub and stop a few steps inside the bedroom.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk through the doorway and into the bedroom. Walk left past the chair and left past the bed. Stop in the entryway.
Walk up the flight of stairs and turn the corner continuing up to the top of the stairs. Walk towards the island counter in the middle of the room with bar stools on one side.
Two white candles are on the desk.The desk is next to a silvery statue.
Walk past the dining table and take a right behind the couch. Leave the living room and go into the hall. Enter the formal dining room across from the living room. Stop nest to the end table.
The bush is in the living room.
Walk past dresser. Walk past bathroom. Wait in threshold of open door.
Walk through the hallway toward the exit sign. Proceed through the doorway and wait by the door.
Turn left and go through the door passed the sinks. Turn right and go through the leftmost entryway, then turn right and go into the hall and turn right. Stop in the bathroom.
Go down the steps and straight into the porch. Turn left and go indoors. Wait near the stove.
Turn around and walk out the men's locker room and enter the lobby. Wait near the door.
Turn left and walk toward the three chairs. Wait there.
Exit the shower, turn left and walk to the sink.  Wait there.
walk through to the hall turn left in hall and enter main room. Turn slight right and enter dining room, stop facing table.
Walk out onto the patio and take a left into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom and onto the far patio. Stop on the patio once you are past the door.
Step out of the sauna and turn left. Walk past the massage tables and the glass shelf. Walk out of the room and go straight. Walk straight ahead into the room. Walk past the stairs and stop by the desk.
Walk towards the living room. Continue through the living room and stop on the wooden area just outside the sliding windows.
The bedroom is on the second floor and on the left side of the corridor when go upstairs.
The lamp is on the ceiling and next to the door.
Please take a walk through the salon over to the bathrooms.
Hanging on a metal shelf on the wall with a sink next to it
above some red books on the locker,on the right side of the display and on the left of a pillar
With the kitchen behind, you leave through the door on the left. Go forward down the hall. Stop next to the console table behind the couch.
Leave the bathroom, and go left. Take the far left and enter the main room. Stop once you are in the this room.
Go past the yellow lounge sofa and turn right. Go to the end of the lounge sofa and turn left. Go past the bed and wait by the tub.
Walk out of the closet and walk across the hall to the left of the animal pictures. Walk into the hallway past the sculpture on the table and into the bedroom next to the chair and stop.
Head towards the door in the white hallway.  Enter room.  Wait here.
in front of a pillar,on the right side of the door
There is a suitcase besides and some books above.
The lights are located on the ceiling of the bedroom.
Turn around and enter the living room area. Turn right and walk along the pool side by the left. Turn slightly left and wait by the beach chairs.
Walk into the room with the dining table. Take a left and leave dining room, then take a right. Enter the room on the left at the end of the hall. Stop at the foot of the bed.
Exit the room by walking through the door beneath the small painting.  Walk towards the drum set.  Stop in front of the drum set.
Walk past the wooden seats and across the room. Stop by the large column.
exit room slight right into main room. Turn slight right up 2 steps. Stop between 2 bathtubs.
The corridor is the connection to a stair of the exit and a room that is no entry.
Walk past the piano and through the middle entryway. Turn right and stop in front of the double doors and stop.
Walk across to the opposite side of the patio and stop before the stairway.
next to the black lamp and the door
Go out to the main hall and up the stairs that are immediately after the wrought iron wall hanging and continue into the room with the statue of David and out of the door between the two columns.
Walk forward between the blue cabinets and the counter with bar stools. Continue forward until the room opens and there are no cabinets on the right side.  Turn right and face the white door next to the black staircase. Walk forward and stop in front of the closed white door.
Go by the air hockey table and stop by the netting.
Walk out the door that leads to outside and towards the pool. Then walk along the pool, and walk in the room with the gray shag rug. Stop when you are on top of it.
Step outside and go along the sidewalk, go passed the pool on the right and stop onto the stones on the right and stop.
Start up the stairs and stop two steps up.
Walk toward the pool then go down two steps. Turn left and pass the patio couches. Go inside using the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Turn around and enter the dining room. Walk across the dining room, then exit through the doorway on the left. Turn to the left, then stop at the entrance of the empty room.
Go into the room and turn right. Then turn left at the stairs and take your next left.
The chair is placed next to the gate and near a wall.
Exit room through glass doors. Walk directly forward toward reception desk. Take a slight right at reception desk. Walk to wooden room dividers. Stop there.
Climb the stairs and walk past the windows on the right. Climb the next set of stairs and wait at the top next to the green and white chair.
With the bed behind your and towards the right, exit the bedroom heading to the left. Continue down the hallway until you reach the kitchen on your left.
The meeting room is by the side of the vast reading area and near the boothes.
The towel hangs on the handrail of the door. Right to a gray towel and another blue towel.
The washroom is on the second and linked with a large bathroom.
Leave the room with the toilet and step into the bigger bathroom.  Turn left and walk past the foot of the two beds and outside the bedroom.  Stop just after stepping out of the bedroom.
Walk to the staircase that curves to the left. Walk up the stairs and stop at the third step from the top.
Take a few steps forward then turn right. Walk down the hallway, past the hutch and the three frames on the wall, and go to the first door on your left.
next to a wall with two paintings; on the left of a black end table;
walk straight away from the stairs through the kitchen, turn left after the wine fridge and stop before you make it to the table.
There is a big TV and several different size sofas put in the living room which without balcony.
set in blue and brown flowerpot, near the door of the bathroom, above the white table
The bed is behind a green sofa, near a beige and brown lamp and opposite to a black television.
Cross the room walking next to the the table-tennis table, with the table-tennis table on your left.  Stop when you get next to the wooden crate past the end of the table-tennis table.
The balcony is outside the bedroom, which is in the end of corridor, on the second floor and on the left of the corridor when go upstairs.
Turn right and walk behind the long sectional. Turn right at the end of the counter to your right. Once in turn right and stop in the bar area.
The power switch is on the wall and under the electronic thermometer.
Leave the laundry room and turn right.  Walk until you enter the kitchen and then stop.
Exit the room using the door on the right. Go down the stairs on the left. Turn right and wait near the couches.
This window is at the far right of the entire window, above the fluffy stool.
It hangs on the second-floor porch of the villa
Go down the staircase and turn right continue until you reach the kitchen area. Wait behind the sink.
Exit the room. Turn left and go past the bar with the chairs/stools.Turn right and go straight toward the table and chairs and wait there.
under the fireplace,facing the table
Go through the open doorway near the bed. continue through the bathroom until you reach the thermostat near the shower.
Turn around and go up the stairs. Then turn left, and walk through the room, then turn right and stop in the hallway in front  of the restroom.
on the sofa, in front of a television, under a lamp
Exit the office then turn left and then turn left in the hallway and head down the hallway until you get to a door on your left and go into office 359 then stop.
on the door, next to the living room
Go up the three steps then turn right.  Walk straight until you pass the first chair on the right. Turn left and go up the steps. Go up three steps on the stairs in the right.
The bed is in a bedroom.
These book are in a big cabinet and there is a big picture near the books.
Go down the long hall to the left. Stop next to the set of five paintings.
The picture is set in the washroom.
Turn around and turn left. Wait next to the first beige chair that's on the patio on the right.
Facing the sink walk forward through the bathroom and past the closet on the right and into the bedroom taking a left and stopping at the closest edge of the dresser.
The power switch is set beside the door of a kitchen.
The chair is settled in the corner of a bedroom on the second floor.
The meeting room is opposite to the gate of a big meeting room and next to a room forbidden to entry.
Walk past the bar with the chairs/stools. Pass the couches on the left and wait there.
When you are standing in front of the small table with the brochures turn so you see chairs on the left and a Christmas tree on the right. Now walk past the blue chairs and into the area with the reddish pink chairs and gold chairs. Next work through that entryway so you are in front of a dinning table and wait.
exit bedroom, turn right, enter door on right.
The mirror is installed on the wall which is placed above a white sink in the small detached bathroom.
Walk down the hall, past the rug that's on the floor.  When you get to the next spot where you could turn left and right, you need to stop there and wait.
Exit the room. Continue going straight and exit the next room too. Turn left and then turn left again into the second room on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Surrounded by three light bulbs. Beside the exhaust fan are cabinets.
This switch is next to a door, directly above a wooden barrel.
Go straight through the doorway. Take a right after the elliptical machine. Continue forward to the hallway.
Head to the left doorway and enter the room. Stop near the bed.
tap in the bedroom
Exit the bathroom. Turn right. Turn left on the second door. turn right and go out the double glass doors to the patio. Wait near the black bench.
After you go up the stairs turn left and head down the long hallway, go up the steps then turn left and wait by the bathroom sink.
Walk past the pool on the right. Wait near the glass sliding doors going inside.
Walk around the counter past the statue and stairwell. Continue forward passed the woven chair area through the open doorway ahead. Walk through the hallway past the wall art and into the open doorway near the small hanging ceiling lamp.
Exit the bathroom by walking straight. Continue walking straight until you get to a large room. Wait near the large glass sliding doors.
The cabinet is placed next to a printer and a white dustbin ,between two walls.
Walk inside. Turn right. Walk past the bed. Stop at the door to the bathroom.
The bookcase is next to a electronic keyboard and opposite to a lamp and a telephone.
Walk out of the bedroom and into the living room, then walk straight until you get to the dining area and wait.
Exit the room then turn right. Turn left and then left again. Go straight until you see double doors on your left and go into that room. Wait there near the first table.
Turn around and walk through the next room.  Then enter the doorway on your left. Stand next to the fireplace.
Face the bed. Exit through the only door with a rounded arch on the left.Continue through the hallway to the staircase. Pass the staircase on the left and go to the hallway near the railing.
Walk past the stairs and take a left. Stop just past the stairs.
Walk out the open door, and wait beside the black bench on your left.
Exit the room through the doorway to the left of the mirror on the wall. Continue straight into the next room and stop when you get to the empty table in the middle of the room.
The lamp is in a small office numbering 359.
Descend stairs, walk toward dinning table and wait.
The lamp is set in the bright kitchen.
Walk through the two white classdoors, and then continue to walk through the class brown doors. Walk pas the table with the vase in it, and stop to the right of the white chair.
The desk is near the balcony and bedroom.
walk across living room behind couch walk slight let towards stairs, continue straight into dining room, stop before table and kitchen.
There is a living room in front of the flower
The handbag is set in a brown cabinet, near a gray and black bed and near a black and brown chair.
Exit the room and turn left. Wait in the bathroom.
next to a black table, facing a chair
Walk through the room and through the sliding glass door and stop on the deck.
The gym is between two bashrooms on the second floor.
The sofa is put in the big living room, which is back facing the front door and front facing the big glass door to the balcony.
The curtain is set near a big brown table under a white sculpture, near a big painting and a transparent table surrounded by twelve transparent chairs.
on the counter,on the right side of the box filled with cards and in front of an exit.
Walk around the table and enter the house through the patio doors.  Wait near the lamp and chair.
Right above the bathtub, face the door.
Go up the stairs and take a right. Enter the bedroom that is the first door on your right and go into the closet. Stop in the closet.
Walk up the stairs that are on the right after the couches. Wait on the fourth step.
Turn right and exit the room. Once out, turn right and walk all the way to the end of the hallway. At the end,turn right and stop when you enter the bedroom.
between a furnace and a curtain, against a wall
Exit the laundry room then turn right. Then turn right on the first door and wait by the entrance.
There is a big bed in the bedroom.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Then proceed down the hall and through the room to the other side. Stop at the doorway.
The table is on the carpet and around the chair.
Go through the archway ahead.  Pass the rug and enter the hallway to the right of the stairs. Go through the hallway go right around the bookcase and continue down the hall to the exercise room with the treadmill.
Turn around and walk to the bottom of the stairs. At the bottom, turn left and then enter the door to your left, right before the white chairs.
Walk down the hallway toward the paintings, enter the living room, wait behind the gray couch.
Make a left at the end of the bar and go into the sitting area, then leave the area and make a left. Now go into the room with the television and wait.
Walk into the building and take a right towards the stairs. Walk to the stair case and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Leave the bedroom and turn right.  Step in the doorway of the empty room and stop there.
Go up the steps then continue straight until you get to the kitchen. When you get to the fridge turn left and go into the room. Wait near the sink.
Walk and make a left turn. Then turn right to enter a room with purple and white sofas adjacent to each other. Stop at the white patterned chair. near the fireplace.
Go straight and turn to the right.  Continue going outside, up to the back of the first chair.  Stop and wait right there.
Walk down hallway to bedroom, turn left and enter bathroom, stop at sink.
The meeting room is opposite to the room that's not allow to entry and faces the lobby at a slant.
Go through the dining room and up the steps. Wait in the alcove, next to the front door.
Walk down the hallway past the restrooms and some elevators.  Stop when you pass a small lobby with a telephone.
The picture is in the living room.
Turn left, go down the hallway to the first intersection, turn left and wait in the middle of the hallway.
Go straight and turn left passed the table. Go passed the couch and into the large room. Turn right into the exercise room and stop in the doorway on the left.
The tablet computer is placed in a tearoom.
Leave the closet and the bedroom. In the hall take a left and take a left to go down the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair down from the top.
Go passed the stairs to your left and go through the brown archway, go into the first room on your left, go through the room and go into the room on the right and stop.
Make a left into the doorway by the trash can. Make another left into the open doorway that leads to the dining set. Walk straight past the left side of the dining set into the wide arch doorway. Stop behind the brown sofa.
Walk up the stairs. At the top of the stairs, turn left, turn left again, then wait by the table and chairs.
Exit the room then turn left and head down the hall until you get to a large vase with grey rocks inside.
on the wall, under a hair dryer
Follow the hallway until you see a gold colored trash can. Wait in front of the middle elevator.
The fitness equipment is near a corridor.
Go up the stairs then head straight toward the book case and stop.
The screen is set in a bedroom.
on the sofa, among three pillows and on the left of them
The vase is settled in a small and bright living room.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and enter the bedroom straight ahead. Once in the bedroom, turn left into the first door. Walk into the closet and then stop.
Go left and wait beside the pianos.
leaning against the painting wall,opposite to the white pillar, on the left side of the path
At the base of the stairs, take the path to the right and walk past the black table and water fountain.  Step onto the rocks and stop just before stepping onto the blue basketball court.
turn left, then turn right, stop at the doorway near the right side of the bed.
Turn left and go straight until you pass the bed on the right, turn right past the ottoman. keep straight until you are near the dresser, then turn right and go towards the door on your far right, enter the door and stop where the shower stall is on your left.
There is a desk lamp and table beside it.
leave room go straight down hall way to hallway on left. Turn left and go straight. Stop at balcony on right.
Turn left and walk out the door. Once out, walk past the chair and enter the 2nd door on the left. Stop once you enter the room.
Facing the stairs leading upwards, enter the room and then do an extremely sharp left hand turn to go down a narrow hallway. Stop at the entrance to the bedroom after passing a window on your left and a door on your right.
The stove is near a corridor and a toilet.
Walk towards the table and the dining room. Walk past the dining table on the left and walk past the entrance on the left. Make a quick left and walk into the doorway directly opposite of a full length framed mirror.
Pass the window on the left. Pass the double doors and continue forward to the doorway directly ahead. Enter the restroom. Stop there.
The lamp is near a brown and black drawer and next to a gray and black bed.
The stool is back to the corridor door and the service counter.
Walk past the bed and pool and stop in front of the wooden door to the left of the diamond mirror on the wall at the end of the pool.
To through the door on the your left, then take another left and a right at the fireplace, go throught the middle of the two door that are open on your right and stop when you are through the doorway.
The painting is near a big desk, on the right side of a big beige sofa and near a tall lamp.
Turn around and follow the hallway down to the twin sized beds.  Turn left.  Wait there.
Turn left into the doorway. Walk straight down the hallway and go into doorway straight ahead and stop in doorway.
There is a furnace in the corner of the study and the study is on the first floor.
Walk straight past the round table, and wait by the open doors.
The toilet is set in the washroom.
Walk out of the bedroom and across the hall. Walk past the table and chairs. Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Stop just inside the bathroom.
Facing the lounge chairs go left and through the way to the left of the two hangings on the wall, go through the hallway and straight ahead there are two doorways go into the left one, take a few steps towards the massage table and stop.
below a light, next to a door
Walk through kitchen and towards statue of man.  Wait next to white couch.
Exit the room to the right of the desk. Turn left and walk towards the bedroom. Stop when you are at the entrance and in between the 2 metal chairs.
Turn around and walk down the hall to the left of the stairs. Make your first left and go into the first bedroom straight ahead. Stand in front of the second set of closet doors on your left located just before you get to the bed.
Turn around and walk down the hallway.  Then walk across the corridor and to your left continue down the next hallway and enter the bedroom to your left and wait by the bed.
The door is near a toilet and a corridor.
Move through the room with the bed to your right. Pass through the entry way and enter the outdoor patio area. Stop a few feet behind the long couch.
Walk through the living room area passed the sofa and bar stools near the sink. Walk through the open archway on the other side of the room and take a right to go through the open bedroom door.
Walk down the stairs and take a right. Wait in between the counter and the grey chairs.
Go out of the room and take a left. Go into the first room on your left.
The chair is near a toilet.
Leave the bedroom and go straight once in the hallway. Walk straight and take your second left into the dining room, stopping in the doorway.
next to a room, in front of six pictures, used to second floor up to third floor
Walk into the room with the clock through it, bast a bench and a mirror, and stop by some light switches facing towards a very large living room with front doors.
Exit the room. Turn right and wait at the entrance.
on the right side of the room,on the left of a whiteboard and behind a chair
This area is on the first floor and next to a living room.
Go straight out of the bathroom. Continue straight into the room ahead. Wait at the entrance.
Walk out of the bedroom past the tub and table.  Once outside the room, walk toward the dining table but stop once you step onto the tile.
Walk straight out of the bathroom.  Walk through the laundry room.  Make a right across from the open door to enter the living room area.  Stop next to the white chair by the small circular table on the carpet in the living room.
Go up the stairwell then go straight and stop at the base of the next stairwell.
Walk down the hallway with the windows to your right.  Keep going until you get to the last urn with a curly plant and stop in front of it.
Walk along the granite counter and continue around the corner into the kitchen area. Walk past the central counter with chairs around it. Continue through the arched door on the other end of the counter near the refrigerator. Turn the corner to the right after entering the hallway. Walk into the first open door on the right with a painting on the wall nearest to it.
Leave the bathroom and move towards the bed. Stop in the center of the wood floor next to the refrigerator.
They are near a toilet.
Turn around until you face and open door with a laundry unit on the right. Walk out of the door and left to face a hallway. Follow the hallway as it turns right and walk to a built in cabinet on the left. Turn right and walk into the bathroom across from the built in cabinet.
Make a turn towards the 9 'o clock direction facing the bed. Walk towards the open doorway into the bathroom. Pass the foot of the bed and enter through the doorway and you'll arrive at your destination.
The area is next to the dining room and the staircase
Walk down the hallway with the art on the wall.  Enter the room directly in front of you and stop when you reach the carpet.
Walk straight between the house and swimming pool.  Continue until you reach the glass doors leading inside.  Wait here.
Walk around the corner towards the couch and fireplace. Walk down the tile walkway past the couches and the bar counter of the kitchen. Turn the corner past the bar counter and walk into the hallway. Continue through the open door at the end of the hall that is nearest to the kitchen. Walk into the room, which is a small movie room.
in the middle of the five chairs; below a yellow security identifier.
Walk out of the closet and then go the left and out the door by the bed and exit the bedroom and wait at the top of the stairs.
Go out of the bedroom and walk into the bedroom next to the video arcade game. In the room take a right and stop in the bathroom doorway.
Walk on the path in between the pool and grass. Stop before reaching the corner of the grass.
Exit the room and go into the room across the hall. Pass the billiards table and go through the sliding door. Stop on the mat.
Walk forward, and stand in front of the next open door straight ahead.
The pillow is on a white and yellow bed and between two beige and black lamps.
Exit bedroom through door next to picture on wall. Walk left into hallway left of stairs towards dark painting on the wall. Enter bedroom stop next to the tv.
Facing into the bedroom, go around to the right into the bathroom and stop in front of the shower.
Go straight then turn left and go into the door on the left. Head straight until you get to the end of the hallway and turn left on the last left then stop.
Walk out of the brown door. Take a left at the open hallway. Take another left and walk down the hall until your reach a picture on the wall. Make a right through the brown door.
The sofa is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
Walk out of the bedroom down the hall. Turn right and walk out of the kitchen. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn left and go past the bar with the chairs. Turn left and go straight. Turn right and go into the bedroom. Wait near the bed.
Take a left out of the doorway and turn right at the end of the hallway and walk to the end of that hallway and stand in the doorway to the left.
The wall is behind the door, next to the vase.
walk straight beside the bed then exit the door, walk straight to the stairs then stop at the middle of the stairs.
After you leave the pantry take a left into the dinning room and walk to the sitting area at the end of the dinning room. Now make a right in the sitting area and in the doorway to the hall. Next make a left in the hallway and waitin the doorway of the room with the stairs.
Leave the office and enter the hallway. Walk down the hall and to to the left, and stand next to the main entry door.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Turn left again to exit the bedroom, then stop.
Exit the bathroom, turn right, exit the bedroom, go up the stairs, turn left, go up the stairs, wait in the doorway to the living room.
next to the staircase, across to the table
Go down the stairs. Wait beside the wooden railing on the left side of the hall.
Walk towards the circular table.  Turn left before you reach the table, and walk up the stairs.  Stop when you reach the statue of a man.  Wait here.
The narrow room is connected with an attic and stairs.
between window and bed, on a cabinet with a book
Leave the bathroom. Turn right, and then right again, exiting the room. Walk into the room in front of you, standing behind the red and blue couches.
between a table and a stove with a television, in the middle of two small sofa
The pillow is near a toilet and a corridor.
Exit out the small door in front of you. Once out, turn right and enter the hallway. Once in the hallway, turn left and enter the first doorway leading to another hallway. Enter the last door on the right and stop at the foot of the bed.
Turn around so you are facing the kitchen. Move forward towards the kitchen island. Move through the kitchen, staying to the left of the kitchen island so that the island is on your right and the counters are on your left. When you get close to the large sink (not the one in the island) there will be an arched passageway to the left. Go through this passageway and towards the dining room. Stop in the second arched doorway leading to the dining room.
Head right towards the fireplace then turn right and exit the glass doors and wait.
Exit the bathroom.  Make a quick right, and then another right turn.  Walk down stairs.  Wait by purple couch.
Leave the bathroom, turn right, turn right again, and wait by the drums.
Turn to the left and walk down the hall.  You'll go through a big entrance and into the kitchen to the right.  Go past the table and into a work out room.  You'll stop right in front of the treadmill.
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and forth from left
take a right turn by the refrigerator and walk to the sign. go to the right. then turn left into the closet.
Exit the bedroom. Go up the stairs to your right. Stop on the last stair.
Go to the far end of the room and wait in the doorway to the dining room.
The sink is near a dining room.
Go right down the hallway and go down a couple of stairs on the rigth.
After you go down the stairs turn right and pass the kitchen then wait by the table and white chairs.
With the table to your left, exit the room through the double doors and reenter the building through the doors on the opposite wall into the exercise room. Exit the room through the door on your right, and continue forward until you exit the building again through a set of sliding doors.
Go straight to exit the room. Turn left and go up the stairs on the left. Wait three steps to the top.
Turn around and walk to your right, along the beige sectional sofa. Walk through the wide open doorway. Take a left onto the stone path in front of the stairs outside.
Exit the bathroom toward the room then use the door on the left to exit the bedroom. Turn left and head down the hall. Turn left on the first door and then turn right into the bathroom and wait by the toilet.
there is a bedroom across the corridor outside the bathroom
Walk across room with no concrete to hall on the right and enter room with boxes of flooring.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go out the door. Go straight until you get to a circle design on the floor. Wait there.
Walk out of the bathroom and out of the bedroom. Stop in front of the pool table.
Exit the bedroom, turn left and wait inside the room at the end, by the guitar.
Turn around and walk up most of the stairs. Wait at the top step.
This area is located on a small room with a red  carpet and two white desks.
Go to the sink. Go to the far side of the bar. Go to the left of the dining table.
The yard is opposite the bed and the living room is next to it
The table is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
Exit the bathroom and then exit the bedroom. Go into the hall, pass the light switches, and turn right. Stop in front of the rug.
below a squared decorative picture; in the middle of two identical end tables;
The stove is in a kitchen.
The picture is near a corridor and a study.
The flowers are in a small brown vase, on a brown and blue drawer and near a black and brown chair.
Walk out of the meeting room and turn right. Take your first right into another meeting room and wait in the doorway.
Go along the table, make a right passed the table, go through the archway, then go through another bigger archway, take a few steps up the stairs and then stop.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Turn right into the kitchen. Walk outside and wait next to the potted plants.
Turn right and exit the room. Then turn left and walk down the stairs.  Stop on the first landing of the stairs.
Go around the blue couch toward the staircase. Go up one step. Wait there.
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and fifth from left
The vase was placed on a table with white flowers, an ornament next to it, and a mirror at the back
Door handle is on the door, next to the button.
Walk next door, into the men's room. Wait in the hallway next to the trash can.
Go down the hallway and make your first right turn. Go down that hallway and turn into the first door on your right. Wait in the doorway.
Leave the room and take a right. Walk down the hall and take the last right into a room under construction. Stop outside of the utility closet.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Then take the next left and the next left. Follow the hall and stop before the fireplace.
Turn right. Walk towards bed. Turn right, walk out door. Walk through two doorways. Stop in front of couch on the left.
Walk into the living room passing the TV on your right. Stop in front of the credenza with the painting on the top.
Leave the porch and walk into the house through the door. Take a left into the first hallway you come to on the left. Walk forwards and turn to face the second door on the left. Stop just before entering through the door, facing the sink.
Turn left and enter the formal study. Walk past the table, turn left and enter the room.  Wait near t he chair.
Facing the dining room table take a  left and walk through the kitchen and past the counters and into the living room stopping in the doorway to the patio with the couch behind you.
Head up the stairs, walk forward through the hallway, turn right into the bathroom near the lion statue,and wait near the sink.
Exit the wine cellar then pass the table and chairs and head straight to go out through the large arch. Then turn right and go into a room that has a fireplace and wait near the plant on the left.
The chairs are in the dining room.
Leave the bathroom through the door on the right. Enter the bedroom, and stop once you are out of the doorway.
Walk straight until you pass the couches on your left. Turn left and exit the room using the double doors. Wait at the entrance.
Exit the room and walk straight ahead to toward the bed. Turn left and pass the bed. Walk straight toward the small fridge and stop there.
Walk from the sitting room and make a left at the first entryway. Walk past the room with the stairway and through the doorway across the hall. Wait in that doorway.
Go up the stairs and go right down the hallway.  Go down the hallway, turn left and stop by the coffee table.
Turn left out of the doorway and follow the red carpet runner through the hallway. Enter the next room and walk until just past the stairs and stop.
Leave the kitchen through the door on the left of the refrigerator. Enter the room straight across the hall. Stop once you enter the room.
Exit the room, walk and pass spa room, and wait at the door open to outdoor pool.
Pass the kitchen and head down the hallway. Turn right on the first opening and head straight until you get to a room with couches and a large projector screen. Wait at the entrance.
Walk past the stairway, towards the long glass table.  Enter the room perpendicular to the glass table by turning left.  Wait beside the table.
next to the brown sofa, in front of the wall painting
Walk past the pool and hot tub, continuing forward past the lounge chairs. Enter the house and wait near the sofa.
Head forward and turn left at the door with the slats in it. Head past the decorative room divider to your left and past the glass dining room table to your left. Head forward and past the chair on your right and head through the doorway on your right, immediately after the chair.  Stop here you are at your destination.
Turn right to exit the bedroom. Walk straight and to the end of the hall. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk through the doorway located at the bottom of the stairs.  Make an immediate left and walk towards the front door. Wait on the bottom stairs located to your left just before you get to the front door.
Walk towards the round table and take a left into the dining room.Walk towards the sailboat painting and take a left, then take a right and stand in the media room doorway.
Exit the bedroom and make a left.  Walk down the hall, past the staircase, which will be on your left as you pass.  In front of you past the staircase is the doorway to a bathroom.  Walk into the bathroom and stop next to the bathtub.
The loudspeaker box is set on the ground and next to a tripod .
Turn hard right and follow the winding hallway and enter the bathroom.  Turn left and enter the shower.
Exit the room. Turn left and go straight until you get to another room with double doors. Go into the double doors and wait in the red rug.
Walk through the bedroom towards the stairs.  Walk up steps, and turn left.  Walk up second set of steps and enter the room straight ahead.  Wait here.
Walk down the stairs and stop when the staircase you are on meets up with another staircase.
Walk forward through the kitchen and wait outside near wicker chair.
Go up the steps then turn left. Wait there.
Walk to the pool, and enter the house through the door next to the patio sitting set. take a left in the office. Stop in the bedroom doorway.
Exit the bedroom and enter the bathroom. Wait there next to the light switch.
Walk straight past the kitchen until you get to the dining room table. Turn left and pass the table and chairs. Continue straight until you pass another table and chairs on the left. Then wait there.
Walk past the table. Turn left and go inside. Walk past the front desk and fireplace. Turn left and walk down the hall. Stop at the doormat.
on the oven, next to the coffee maker, facing the lamp
take right and walk up stairs and take left near window your target.
Stand so that the closest door is behind you and walk straight.  Walk past the pool and shrubbery and stop just before entering the doorway on the opposite side from where you started.
near a massgive bed, next to the decorations
Leave the sauna, and massage room. Take a right in the hallway. Enter the second room on the left. Stop in the doorway to the room with the lockers.
Walk forward towards the rice paper partition and take the last right into the locker room. In the locker room stop between the two mirrors on your right.
Walk past the sitting area and go up the stairs.  Stop on the fifth step from the top.
Walk across living room to tile floor. Stop next to the far side of the bar.
Turn to the right.  Walk  out of the door.  Then turn left and walk to the next room.  Go into the first door possible to the left.  Then stop and wait.
Turn right and walk across the room past the stairs. Stop when you reach the next room a little before you reach the sliding glass door.
Walk out of the bathroom and to the right. Walk past the dresser and out of the bedroom. Walk to the right and stop just inside the doorway by the stairs.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Stop in the doorway.
Walk down stairs.  Walk to the left of brown leather chair.  Wait here.
The bench is beside the outdoor swimming pool.
Face the wall that is covered in a giant mirror, and proceed through the doorway to your left Follow the hallway until there is a mirror on your right and turn left through the double doors to enter a bedroom Turn right once you enter the room and proceed into the bathroom until there is a chandelier above your head and two doorways in front of you.
With the cabinets on your left, move down the corridor towards the stairs. Before you reach the stairs, turn right and enter the bathroom, stopping next to the shower.
Turn around and walk all the way past the bar and keep walking straight. Stop once you reach the next doorway to your right.
pass in front of couch and up steps to right, stop before steps in hallway.
Go past the telephone and out the door.  Go straight but take the right door.  Then enter the room and stop before you get to the water table.
Walk straight to the doorway and then go through it and turn right.  Turn right again very soon.  You'll then see an empty room that contains just one window.  The walls are lined with wood paneling.
Walk straight alongside the long narrow table. Proceed straight past white shelves and turn left down hallway. Wait in front of stone walls.
Towels are close to the bedroom and toilet.
Walk along the pool toward the sliding glass doors on the right. Proceed past the pillar and the planters into the building. Wait on the rug by the sliding glass doors.
Walk along the hallway with the glass windows to the right. Wait by the doorway just before entering the kitchen area.
Walk past thermostat on left. Walk past back of leather sectional on right. Make left after column. Wait at bar stool.
Go between the tables and stop near the meeting room doors.
Turn left and wait in the entryway of the large meeting room.
Walk through the doorway to the left of the kitchen. Go down the hallway and turn left. Enter the door there.
a small room in the bathroom
The plant is in a corridor.
Exit the spa room and turn left to walk past the treadmill. Walk past the pool and wait in the hallway by the large potted plant.
Along the corridor there are many offices .
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Continue straight ahead. Turn left into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Wait just inside the bedroom.
The chair is set in the spacious office.
Exit the bathroom, then take the turn to your right. Continue forward until you can go through the double doors to your left. After going through those doors, head towards the door that's ahead and slightly to the right. Stop just prior to reaching that door.
Walk all the way forward passing everything and stop in front of the big book shelf visible on the left.
Walk straight past the dining room table and chairs. Walk through the kitchen through the left of the island. Walk straight into the hall way. Walk across the hall into the bathroom. Stop in front of the table and chair.
the corridor is near  a living room , a stair and a storage room.
Go straight until you get to the treadmills then stop.
The window is set in the bedroom.
Exit the bathroom and walk straight past the washer and dryer. Take a hard left in the living room and walk outside to the porch. Wait by the doormat.
at the entrance of the room.
You need to go down the hallway and into the room with the dinning table on the left. When you are in the room turn right and walk towards the back room. Next to the room and on the right there is a hallway, go into the hall and wait by the outside door.
There is a ladder put close to the bookcase for people to take the purpose book ,and there is a balcony opposite the bookcase.
Leave the laundry room and take a left. Walk to the end of the hall and enter the bedroom on your right. In the bedroom take a left and stand next to the drawers under the counter.
Turn around and walk out of the door past the loungers. Make a right and walk to the last barber chair. Make a left out of the light brown framed door. Make a right through to the room with the tall glass shelves.
Go up the stairs and stop once reaching the top.
walk towards fireplace, turn left and walk through doorway to exit bedroom, pass bedroom on right, stop in next doorway on right and stop.
Leave the bedroom and go through the large opening into the living room on the left. Stop in front of the wall mounted shelves on the right.
a small changing room next to the men's.
Turn left, walk out of the door, approach the double doors and walk through them. When you get to the counter make another left and walk through the wooden doorway. Stop when you reach the hallway.
The bedroom is on the left of the corridor when up to second floor, in the end of the corridor and on the second floor.
Turn right and down the hallway. Turn left and wait near the round table .
With the projection screen to your right, go forward towards the desk marked by the "host" sign above it with an arrow pointing downwards. Continue past that desk until you see a nook with a couple of green chairs and a hammock towards your left. Head towards the hammock and stop just before getting on the carpet.
the chair is back facing the TV cabinet ,a red carpet is put on the front ground
Turn right and walk across the room through the tables and exit the room via the doors and wait there.
Walk into the hallway and turn right.  Keep going right until you get to the end of the hallway and enter a bedroom.  Stop after stepping into the bathroom.
The lamp is near a bathroom.
Turn around and walk past the books. Then turn right and walk down the hallway.  Then turn left and enter guest bedroom.
Turn around behind and walk across the kitchen and stop in front of the stairs. Turn left into the first room and wait there.
Walk forward passing the stairs. Enter the bedroom on the right at the end of the hall. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk through the office and into the large open room.  Walk straight past the kitchen and sitting area.  Stop when you reach the round table with chairs and stand behind the closest chair.
Walk up three stairs and turn left. Veer right and walk up three more stairs. Walk to your left toward the dining area. Walk around the dining table into the kitchen and stop.
Go straight through the door, and go through the next door on the left. Turn left into the hall, and go into the first door on the left.
Walk straight until you get to a red door then turn right. Go straight past the copy machine then stop.
Go straight and pass all the chairs then turn right and wait by the door that is farthest to the left.
on a microwave, next to a cupboard
Walk straight past the office space.  Wait by the stairs next to the couch.
Turn around and walk into the dining room. Take a right. Take a left after the table and wait in the doorway.
in the drawer of the shelf,on the left of a white baffle
The vase is near a corridor and a kitchen on the first floor.
The master bedroom faces the balcony. Right below the room is the swimming pool.
The paintings are near a living room.
Go through doorway and turn right. Walk passed the bar and turn right and then take an immediate left and go towards the kitchen table and stop.
vase On the round table with a bunch of flowers inside
Walk down the hallway past the stairs and walk to the bedroom door on your left. Enter the bedroom and walk to the bathroom. Then stand by the sink.
hanged on the wall of corridor
The table is in the corridor.
Walk passed the massage tables and through the open door near the foot of the tables and into the hall. Walk through the open door to the right into the room with the tanning machine.
Walk through piano room. Walk through dinning room. Walk through open door to right of wall art. Walk into bedroom. Wait at side of bed.
With the bookshelves behind you, walk through the doorway on your left.  Walk towards a swing in front of some windows and turn right.  Keeping the windows to your left, walk the length of the rooms until you enter a room with chairs around a round table with a horse statue on it.  Turn right into the area with the yellow walls and stop on the carpet in front of the bottles.
Leave the bedroom and walk towards the front door.  Turn right and walk past the painting of the boat. Turn right and the end of the hallway.  Stop just before passing through the doorway to the bedroom.
next to a table, next to a lamp
The reception is opposite to the entrance and in front of the food bar.
Turn around and walk all the way past the dining table. Once you reach the open room turn right and walk to the other side. Turn right and then right again and walk down the hallway. Turn left at the end and stop once you enter the room.
Walk down the stairs to the bottom. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs so that you are facing the dining area (not the blue hallway) and the large panel of light switches are on your right. Walk forward a short distance until the front door is on your right and a piano is on your left. Turn left and walk towards the piano. Stop in front of the blue chaise long. You will be between the chaise and the stairs you went down earlier. You have reached your destination.
Walk across sitting room to hallway that is to the right of the fireplace. Turn left towards stairs, stop at top step between two pillars.
Exit the room and walk to the end of the hallway. Wait past the stairs, in the corner.
Start facing the door to enter the building. Turn left so you are facing the sidewalk towards the pool. The railing should be on your left and the pillar and tables should be on your right. Continue moving forward until you reach the steps to go down to the pool. The destination you are trying to reach is right before the steps to do gown to the pool. There will be a wall with a light to your right and a railing to your left.
Walk straight towards the doorway nearest the sofa. Go down the five steps. Turn 45 degrees to the right. Walk in front of the easle. Turn right after the easle. Walk forward. Stop at the wall.
Go left towards the treadmill. Walk past it, going on the left side of the pool. Go down the narrow hallway, going into the room on your left, which is about a 160 degree left turn.
Leave the theater, and take a right. Stop next to the first dining room chair.
Walk down the corridor, past the exit sign and stop past the first doors.
on the right side of the sofa,on the book shelf and between two big plants
There is a corridor next to the living room
Walk across the living room, past the fireplace and exit through the doorway on your right.  Walk down the red carpet into the next room and stand next to the dining room table.
The area has a laundry basket and a storage cabinet.
walk between the refrigerator and counter. stop when you pass the kitchen sink.
Orient yourself to be parallel to the grain on the wooden floor and such that you see a doorway directly ahead of you, a bathroom ahead and to the right, and a double doorway ahead and to the left. Go though the double doorway ahead of you and to the left. Once you enter the room, go left behind the couch and continue straight with the sliding glass doors to your left. Stop once you reach the kitchen area.
Leave the kitchen and take a left. Go to the stairs and go up one stair. Stop on the first stair.
Go into the room next to the dresser with the lamp on it.
walk passed sitting area towards pool, stop at edge of pool and turn left. walk three feet and stop.
Walk out of the room. Turn left and start going down the stairs. Stop before getting to the bottom.
Turn around and walk towards the end of the hall. Take the last entrance on the right and stop between the two doors in the hallway.
Go down the stairs. Walk toward the kitchen area. Turn right. There are 5 doorways here. Go through the very middle one into the empty room. Stop a couple of feet inside of that room.
With the green painted wall to your immediate left, walk forward into the hallway all the way to the end. At the end of the hallway, turn right and enter the bedroom.
Exit the bathroom. Continue forward and make a slight right to continue down the hall. Then go into the first room on your right. Go into the doorway of that room's bathroom and stop.
Proceed up the staircase Once at the top walk towards the double glass doors on your right and stop in front of them.
Leave the room with the single small desk and make a right in the hall then walk down the hall. Walk until you get to a window that says enerskin and go to the first room on the right and wait in the doorway.
Exit the closet space, go through the room and take a right, exiting the room.
Go up the stairs. Walk straight in the direction of the drum set. Stop once you pass the corner of the balcony.
below the mirror and the lamp
Exit bathroom to dining room, turn right and stop at double doors.
The table is placed in front of the chair and the cabinet in the room.
You are looking a a bed with a white comforter in front of you. Head through the open doorway on the right directly in front of you toward the stairs. Head up the stairs. Stop once you get to the top of he stairs. You will have a chair and more steps on your left and couch on your right.
Step down and go forward and then turn left. Proceed to the stairs and go down to the first landing. Turn to the right and go down two more steps. Wait there.
Turn your body to the right and walk in front of the lamp..  Then turn your body forward facing looking down the hallway.. Walk forward past the door on the right and then take a right at the end of the hallway.
Leave the bathroom and the bedroom. Take a left in the hall. Enter the laundry room through the first door on the right. Stop in front of the sink.
Leave the bathroom into the bedroom and turn right and leave the bedroom.  Go up the stairs and stop on the last step before reaching the stop.
Exit the bathroom, walk straight ahead directly towards the area in between the basket which will be on your right and the wooden glass wall which is on your left. Continue to walk straight until you pass three picture portraits that will be on your right side. Once you pass the last picture portrait, make a right at the second door and then wait there.
Exit the bathroom, then exit the bedroom through the door on your left.  Turn to the left and walk down the hallway.  Enter the bedroom on your left then stop in front of the toilet on your right.
Enter the bedroom and walk into the bathroom.
Turn around and walk out onto the patio. Turn right and walk alongside the pool. Stop in front of the first door on your right.
a small recieption in front of the massage areas.
The stool is set in tha hall.
Exit the massage the massage room and turn left.  Walk down the hallway and stand near the doorway of the women's locker room.
Walk out of the bathroom and through the open entryway into the large room. Turn and walk past the white table cloth covered tables along the walls and towards the stairwell leading up stairs. Walk under the stairwell down the hall towards a door leading outside.
Exit the bedroom and take a right turn.  Walk down the hall and stop at the gray stone flooring.  Take a left turn and continue walking.  Take a left turn into a dining area with bookshelves.  Walk past the table in this room and stand at the edge of the rug where you can view the next room.
The sofa is placed under the desk below the flower in the living room.
Walk into the bedroom and towards the bed taking a right and walking pass the dresser and take a right into the doorway and right out into the hallway over the star tile in the middle of the floor and stop in the doorway inside the living room.
The window is on the far left of the entire window, above the fluffy stool.
Leave the bathroom and go out of the bedroom and walk across to the bedroom across the hall. In the room stop next to the couch across from the bed.
Pot culture  plants at the end of the corridor
on the left side of the room,under the second table from left to right
Walk up the stairs and take a right. Stop in front of the ornate glass double doors.
a men's changing room.
there are some pillows put on the head of the big bedand a long grey couch is put at the end of it
The TV is close to the toilet and living room.
Walk through the kitchen with the breakfast bar to your right.  Keep walking past the two pillars on your left.  At the end of the wall, before the third pillar, turn right at the doorway.  Walk straight through to the door of the TV room, just slightly to the right.
Go up the stairs and turn left in the hallway.  Keep going straight down the hallway and go up the stairs.  Stop under the first ceiling light after going up the stairs.
Turn and go down the hallway with the painting of a zebra. Enter the room and stop between the sofa and dining table.
many cabinets set around the room
Walk through the door towards the glass windows on the far wall. Walk though the open door on the right into the next room. Walk past the glass display case in the middle of the room. Walk through the  open door to the right of the display case into the hallway leading to a large room with blue carpet at the end.
The chair is near a white tap and in front of a glass door.
on the wall, among five picture and first from left
The lamp is on the ground floor kitchen.
Go inside and past the kitchen toward the stairs.  Go past the stairs and through the doorway back outside.  Stop on the outside doorstep.
Exit the closet and turn left. Turn right at the door and continue down the hall. Wait in the next closet.
Walk towards the television hanging on the wall. Stop on the left side of the television near the door.
Walk out bedroom door. Walk past art gallery wall. Wait at open door on left.
Walk down the hallway on the carpet and keep going straight after the carpet ends.  Stop in front of the last door on the left.
Go through bedroom, turn left through the doorway, go through the hallway a couple of steps and then turn right into the black doorway and stop.
Exit the bedroom and follow the hallway to the left.  Enter the master bedroom and walk to the edge of the sliding patio door.
Go right to the first vase Go to the birdhouse Go to the wine press Go to the barrel.
The box is set under a black board and stand against a wall.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and connect with a balcony.
Go past the table and chairs then turn right. Turn left and exit the room. Wait there.
Walk upstairs.  Enter the room to the left of the red painting.  Wait by white chair.
Walk down the hallway to the closed door straight ahead, wait at the door.
Walk down the hall with marble flooring. Stop when there is an opening to a wood-floored hall to your right.
Go down the stairs and take a right. Go past the dining table and stop next to the faucet between the kitchen and living room.
Walk past the table on the left-hand side.  Exit the room.  Turn right and walk past the large mirror on the right-hand side.  Stop at the entrance to the long hallway.
Walk around the pool on the side closest to the building.  When you see an open door, go inside and turn right.  Stop in the doorway to the kitchen.
Walk forward and leave the bedroom. Stop outside of the bedroom before you go down the stairs.
Walk through the double doors to the hallway and turn right. Walk to the end of the hall and wait in the bedroom on the right.
Walk along the outside patio passed the fountain and bench. Walk around the wall towards the wooden slat fence.
Enter the building through the side door and wait in the doorway to the bedroom.
The drawer is placed below the cabinet in the kitchen.
walk down the hallway where the lights are faced the same way as the hall, walk past two doorways and turn left at the exit sign, stop in the first doorway on your right.
The chair is near a kicthen.
Head straight until you pass the wall with holes in it the turn left and wait by the glass table with the white chairs.
This area has a woody door and lots of benches.
Turn left at the bottom of the steps and continue towards the stools. Turn left into the kitchen and wait by the counter.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk past the bed and out of the bedroom. Stop just outside the door.
in front of a storage cabinet, near a massage bed
Walk out of the bathroom and straight across the hall. Turn left and walk past the table and chairs. Walk past the floor vent and stop.
Go to the stairs and turn right. Turn left and go passed the kitchen table. Then into the living room on the right. Stop near the couch.
The chair is set on the left side of two same chairs and a black wooden bookshelf, and below two pictures.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and wait near the table and chairs with the chandelier.
Exit the bathroom, travel past the tub, take a left past the sinks until you enter the bedroom, then exit the door on the left into the hallway. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Turn left down the hallway, turn left again and go along the long seat, go passed the long seat, go passed the front door on the left and take a few steps near the white and grey couches and stop.
Walk towards the wooden cabinets. Turn the corner and walk along the glass partition wall in the hallway. Walk towards the open door that leads outside at the end of the hallway.
Turn around and exit out the room to the right of the TV. Walk towards the wood cabinet and then turn left. Walk forward and stop behind the piano.
The  cabinet  is set near a glasses door of the hall.
Walk along the red sofa seat area through the main room of the church. Continue past the pews ahead and stop near the arched column structure leading to a small enclosed area.
Leave the bedroom and go out into the hallway. In the hall take a right and enter the next bedroom. go around the bed and go into the bathroom on the right of the bed. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
With the stairs behind you, go forward and turn left at the corner just before the door straight ahead. Continue moving forward passing by the glass door on your right. Climb the two steps and go through the wooden door ahead of you. Stop just after entering that room.
There are some red cabinet opposite to this cabinet and a brown desk near it.
Turn right and walk across the hall towards the benches. Wait in between the benches by the entrance going outside.
Exit the bathroom and turn left, pass the stairs and then turn right. Pass the table with chairs and head toward the white couch and white chairs. Wait near there.
Walk straight until you get to stairs. Wait near the stairs.
The sink is near a study and a dining room.
Walk towards the white bookshelf. Turn left at the white bookshelf. Stop in between the two tables.
Walk behind couch and towards pool. Proceed past table and turn left towards love seat. Head towards potted trees. Keep to the right of the tree and wait directly in front of doorway with two rugs in front of it.
Exit door, and walk into lobby.  Continue forward and pass the stairway.  Enter the room with the piano.  Wait beside sofa.
next to the doors, below the mirror
next to a bottle, near a tall shelf
Begin walking towards the stair case. Walk around the stair case and pass in front of the small wooden table and enter through the doorway into the bedroom. Stop inside the doorway.
go downstairs and turn left, enter bedroom.
The wardrobe is in a man washroom.
Turn left. Walk to the doorway directly to the left of table and chairs. Enter the bedroom. Take a sharp right. Walk toward the bathtub. Walk to the tile flooring. Stop near the night stand.
Turn to the left.  Walk into The bedroom.  Turn left again, walk past the bed.  Turn left again and into the master bathroom, walk past the master shower.  Walk toward the little room where the toilet is.  Stop before entering it.
Walk around the table to your right to exit the dining area. Walk through the living room area to wait in the far doorway.
in the middle of two black end table; in the middle of two identical deck chair.
Go toward the kitchen. To the right of the kitchen, enter the third doorway with the picture frame above it. Wait there.
Walk up the stairs to your left. Turn left into the first hallway and briefly walk until you hit the set of double doors to your right. Wait there.
Turn around and walk towards the wall ahead and then turn left. Walk down the hallway and turn in the first door to your right. Stop once you enter the room.
Exit dining room to sitting room and continue to arched hallway. Stop at the double doors and tall planter.
inside a small room towards a door and against the wall.
Step forward, turn right, turn left and wait near the couch.
Leave the closet and go into the bedroom.  Turn right and walk out of the bedroom through the door at the end of the bed.  Turn left after taking a few steps and when you see some potted plants on your left, turn right and into the bathroom.  Stop just after stepping into the bathroom.
Go down the stairs. Go into the dining room with the long wooden table and stand next to the small table in the corner of the room with a silver kettle on it.
Leave the room and head to the left. Enter the massage room second on the left. Stop at the foot of the massage beds.
Turn around and walk up the first five to six steps of the stairs. Wait there.
The towel is facing the mirror and on the towel rack.
Continue down the hallway, pass the stairs and then stop near the set of posters.
Turn around and walk down the hall. Then turn right and enter the large bedroom suite. Stand near the bathroom.
Go Inside through the open door, and immediately turn left.  Continue forward through the hallway, and enter the room straight ahead.  Wait beside the table and giant clock.
Walk forward and then turn left. Walk straight down the hallway. Once you go up the first set of 2 steps, stop in front of the black doors leading to outside.
The wall of this painting is relatively old.
Exit the room. Turn right. Walk past the sink with the chair and into the second room on the right. Wait there.
Exit the closet then turn right and go out the door on the right and turn slightly left to to into the room straight ahead then stop by the laundry room sink.
Turn around and walk along hallway with the art on the walls which over looks the stairs. Enter the bedroom and walk into the bathroom.  Stand near the bath tub.
Walk towards the projector screen. Go between the tables and stop where the lines on the floor intersect.
Pass the stairs and go down the hallway all the way down until you to a room with a bed. Turn left and pass the bed. Wait near the tub in the bathroom.
Exit the door to your left. Turn right and walk through the dining area. Just past the partition screen on the right, turn left to stand n door to kitchen area.
Walk towards staircase.  Continue past staircase.  Wait by window with red and white striped curtains.
The stool is placed under a table with green top and in the lower left corner of the table.
Facing the chandelier, There's another big painting in front of it.
Go up the staircase, turn right and then right again, turn left to the hallway and then immediately right to enter the bedroom, wait by the door.
in front of a purple sofa,on the left side of a plant and in the middle of the road
Turn left at fridge. Walk down hallway. Turn right at second skylight. Walk into bedroom. Wait at bookshelf.
The photo is settled next to a white and red bed and some books and near a black fitness equipment.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn left. Stop in front of the bathroom.
The light is set next to the hall and a reading room.
Go out of the bathroom into the bedroom.  Go past the shelves and bed and couch out of the bedroom door.  Head toward the door going outside.  Stop just outside the door.
next to another bed with the same color and shape, in front of a black and white wall painting, near the window
Take right and go straight and turn left . near bench and out of door and upstairs.
The sofa is set in the living room.
Exit the room and head to the right crossing the large open area. Turn right and continue down the hallway. At the end of the hallway turn left and wait in the doorway.
a big women's changing room having a long corridor.
Turn around and walk across the wood planks into the walkway by the bush. Make a right into the dining room.
in front of the chair,on the left side of the room,in the second seat from left to right
Put the tapestry on your right, then walk straight ahead.Turn left, walking towards the sofas. Walk behind the far sofa.
Walk to the other side of the kitchen and wait near the sink.
walk away from the bathroom and towards the bed, turn left at the leather chair and exit the bedroom, continue down the hallway and stop at the first doorway on your left.
Head outside. Go past the pool. Stop bu the table and chairs.
Walk a bit, and turn left towards the opened steel door. Enter inside, and turn left again inside another door. Enter inside, and stop there.
Turn right then turn left and go past the wall with the holes and wait there.
Turn to your right and enter the bathroom. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Cross the bedroom and exit the door on the right. Walkout into the hallway. Turn left and walk into the bathroom on your left. Stop in front of the sinks.
Go down the hall along the railing, to the left of the door and past the back door and stand at the top of the stairs.
There is a shower room and small work place in the living room which is close to leisure area.
Turn around 180 degrees, go down the hallway.  Stop next to the minifridge.
The stool is in a vast reading hall.
Turn to the left, stepping over the red velvet rope and onto the first red rug, then turn left. Head down the hallway until you see a red and white striped chair on your left. Head up the grey stairs until you're standing on the first red tile mosaic, and wait there.
You need to leave the bedroom and go down the hall in front of the bedroom. Next, you need to stop when you get to the living room and wait by the chair.
Leave the kitchen and take a left in the hallway. Go straight and stop in the doorway to the bedroom at the end of the hallway.
Exit the bathroom towards the bedroom, then continue to the right to exit the bedroom.
Leave the closet and take a right. In the hall take a left and go down the hall on the far left. Stop next to the gray plate on the credenza.
The pillow is next to a red pillow and on a long sofa.
Exit the bathroom, then the bedroom. Stop outside the bedroom door between the sitting room and dining area.
The office is next to a relax area placed some sofas and connects to a road leading to the tea room and locker room.
Walk out of the bathroom and make a right, walk to the stairs then make a right. Make a left at the stairs then walk into the room directly in front of you. Wait by the door.
The flower is in the corner of a small bathroom.
Go past the three chairs on the left. Turn left. Go into the room. Turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait near the sink.
hung on the wall, next to the window
The chair is next to a small table and another chair.
The bedroom where can see a kitchen and a stairs leads to a utility room via a ladder.
Two remote control switches are installed on the wall which is close to big bedopposite balcony in big bedroom.
Go around the right side of the center unit and stop by the right side doorway with the dining table and mirror in it.
Go down the hallway and turn right then turn right. After you go down the two steps wait there.
leave sitting room, jump the ropes and stop at top of stairs looking toward chandelier.
Walk down the hall past the three doorways and turn left. Step into the hallway and stop.
Orient yourself so the kitchen area with the dark stone counter top is to your left and the light colored stone counter top is to your right. Go forward through the opening and turn left. When you enter the room ahead and the wooden flooring changes from a straight grained pattern to a herringbone pattern, turn right and pass through the double door opening.
Exit the dining room into the foyer. Go out the main door and go right down the balcony. Stop in front of the first window you pass.
It was sandwiched between two chairs.
walk forward then turn left, walk straight then exit through the wooden glass door.
Walk across through the door at the other end of the bedroom. Turn right and head towards the rectangle glass table. Stop after passing the table.
Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom passing by the foot of the bed and the mirror.  Stop just after passing through the doorway out of the bedroom.
With your back faced towards the art easel, walk straight forward past the wooden box towards the two large white tusks. Directly to the left of those tusks is an open door to which you turn towards and your destination is just a few feet beyond that.
There are several different pillows on the sofa.
The dustbin is placed in a small conference room.
There are many paintings and a keyboard in the living room.
The living room is near a study and the room has lots of photos.
behind the sofa, in front of a television
Exit room and descend stairs, make a right pass the living area, stop and wait by security keypads.
Exit bedroom and turn right.  Head down the corridor.  When you reach the end, enter the bedroom on the right.  Wait here.
Exit the outdoor pool area and enter the house from the doors with the two PGI homes mats outside them.  Walk past the two beige rugs inside the doors and stop a step back from the corner of the rug that's by the couch and two small recliner chairs.
Turn around walk around the basketball court and stop at the corner of the court.
next to the cabinet, facing the table
The kitchen is connected with the living room.
Leave the living room through the dining room. Walk straight and take the last right into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a left into the laundry room. Stop right past the counter in the laundry room.
Walk straight out the door ahead. Once out, walk past the pool table and turn left and follow the walkway. Stop once you pass a hallway on your left.
face a sofa, right under the thermostat.
Go straight past the computer desk and into the hallway.  Turn to the right and down the hallway until you get into the room.  You'll see big windows and one chair.  Stop right there and wait.
The glass door is installed in the detached bedroom which is placed opposite the white bed ,close to a small cabinet.
The study has some shelves and it has two chairs.
Leave the closet an take a right. Exit the door there and enter a hall. In the hall go straight and veer left towards the credenza, and enter that hall. Enter the laundry room through the door that is the first on your right. Stop in the laundry room next to the door.
Exit the pantry, then go right through the kitchen. Stop and wait near the dining table.
The corridor is on the second floor and has two stairs and some rooms.
Head out of the woman's room and into the main lobby where the 'Thalgo' sign is located.
Exit the toilet door and turn right. Turn right again at the small corner passing the wall. Stop in front of the white sofa.
The picture is hung on the edge of a kitchen.
The washbasin is seated in a small washroom.
Walk out of the bedroom and Turn right. Walk into the right doorway at the end of the hall and stop.
Exit the room. Turn right. Go straight down the hallway and turn left in the last door. Go into the room and wait near the lamp on the left.
Go into the bedroom at the end of the hallway.
Walk past the island and down the hall. Turn right and walk into the bathroom. Turn left and stop in the doorway to the right of the mirror.
Go straight into the kitchen. Turn right and pass the table and chairs. Wait near the white couch.
The flower is placed in a bedroom on the first floor.
Take a left at the fireplace. Wait next to the coat room.
Exit the bathroom and then exit the bedroom. Go straight into the into the bedroom directly across and stop next to the lounge chair.
The painting is next to a brassy switch and opposite to some cabinets.
Exit the cinema room, turn left, enter the exercise room, walk to the first doorway on the left by the elliptical machine, wait in the doorway.
Walk into the house through the french doors.Walk past the bar and television. Turn left into the first doorway. This is the women's bathroom. Wait by the door.
Walk past the built-in desk on the right. Make a left at the wall clock under the rafter. Walk past the area rug on the right. Walk through the arched doorway, onto the brick floor. Wait at the console table behind the sofa.
Enter the lounge area with the diamond-pattern rug and turn left.Go down the hallway and enter the office continue through the office until you enter the bathroom. Wait in front of the light switches at the bathroom entrance.
Make a left and head towards the area in between a brown wooden box which will be on your left and a tan table which will be on your right. Following that, there will be a glass windows to your left, continue walking until you see a sign directly above you that is shaped like a down arrow and has host posted on it. Make an immediate left and wait in the area near the hammock.
Walk through the double doors on the left. Walk to the left of the front desk and down the hall past the leather bench. Turn right past the bench and stop.
Turn around and go through the kitchen. Turn left past the ovens and proceed through the dining room towards the grand staircase. Walk up the grand staircase and stop on the third step.
Turn around and go down the hallway.  Go through the double doors and stop.
Turn slightly left and continue down the hallway. Continue straight until you get to a door on the right. Wait at the entrance.
The area connects with a bedroom and near a wash basin.
Exit bathroom to bedroom and walk to balcony outside. Stop next to blue lounge chair.
Turn right and walk through the bedroom to the patio.  Wait near the patio set with the amazing view.
Exit the room into the corridor, then enter the third door on the right and wait by the massage table.
Head downstairs and wait where the stair splits two ways.
Walk into the open arched door to the kitchen area. Walk around the center island counter towards the refrigerator. Walk around the refrigerator and through the arched door on the other side into the hallway.
It has a plant and two books on the lower left, a glass bottle and a calendar on the right, and a display below.
Exit the sauna. Exit the room using the door on the far left. Go straight into the double doors. Wait there.
Go passed the couch and pool table. Enter the door on the left of the arcade cabinet and then stop next to the door by the bed.
Exit the bathroom. Wait next to the double doors near the room with the two couches.
Go down the stairs and then go to your left, walk into the room and turn right. Stop next to the kitchen island.
The hall is on the second floor.
The desk is on the balcony.
Go though the door into the dining room and turn to the left. Go past the dining room table and turn to the right. Enter the door and wait in the room with the sink in the corner.
Exit the closet towards the sink. Turn right to exit on the balcony. On balcony bear right and enter through opens doors . Stop once inside of door way and at the desk.
under the big table, in front of the stairs, among four stools and third from left
Go through the kitchen around and past the counter and left past the dining table, and wait at the doorway to the office.
Exit through double doors to the right. Take a slight left. Walk through double doors and enter the Gym area. Exit Gym area to the door on the right. Take a slight left. Walk through sliding door to Patio area. Wait there.
Walk down the hall and turn right. Walk down the hall and stop under the exit sign.
Turn around, go down the hallway, and turn right to go through the first door. Turn left and stop in the first doorway.
Go straight until you get to the stairs. Go down three steps then stop.
Exit the restroom. Turn right when you get to the wall. Go through the door and wait in the doorway on the left.
Go straight into the door. Go into the right entryway and follow down the hall. stop in the hallway.
Exit the massage room, turn right, go to third door. Enter the sauna room and wait.
Turn around and exit the room. Turn left in the hall and then continue passed the pictures. Enter the second door on the right and stop.
Walk straight with the door on your left. Walk through the doorway and pass the round counters and take a right into the room on the right and stop just inside the doorway.
beside a switch on the right wall of this room; opposite another small cabinet below an advertising board;
Turn and walk straight into the large room.  Walk in front of the bed and go to the door that is on the wall, to the left of the bed.  Walk through that door and stop as soon as you enter the next room.
Walk up stairs, past the Buddha statue on the left. Walk past the plant, and wait at the bookcase on the left.
There are some white flowers in the vase and the vase is on the brown cabinet.
Washstand is close to the living room and bathroom.
Walk up stairs. Walk past door. Walk up stairs. Wait at end of stair railing.
Walk toward the door straight ahead, turn slight left toward the door and enter the office, wait by the chair.
Go up the stairs and go straight to the wooden table with wooden benches.  Stop after stepping on the blue carpet at the end closest to you.
Turn right and exit out the double doors. Once out turn right and walk along the railing and turn into the first door on your left. Stop once you are in the door looking at the large wood cabinet.
Go forward past the table on your left side, and enter the house through the sliding glass doors. In the house take a right and walk through the doorway  into the kitchen.
Exit the room, make a right and go straight through the room to the next archway, then take a few steps into the big room and stop.
Walk straight all the way down until you get to the third window from the left. Wait there.
The fireplace is on the corner of a warm child-bedroom.
Exit through the door, immediately turn to your left, and move down the hallway. Once you've moved past the paintings in the hallway, turn and move through the doorway to your right. Enter the bathroom to your right and stop in front of the sink.
Leave the massage room and take a left. Enter locker room the room through the door on the left of the room you were in. Stop in front of the clothes hamper.
proceed forward through glass door, turn right before stairs, turn right after gold stump, left after dining table, continue straight towards couch and stop when you've reached the corner of the white couch.
Walk behind the sofa, toward the bar. Turn left toward toward the pool table and stop near the round, grey chair.
Go right around table and head towards the hall. Turn left to the bedroom and stop in the doorway and face the bed.
Walk forward into the exercise room, and take a right into the living room. In the living room take a left and walk past the rear of the couch. Keep walking past the living room and take a left at the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop on the second stair.
The glass is in the corner in a study.
next to the white bed, stand on the bedside table
Turn and walk past the bathtub and into the next room with a dresser cabinet. Walk through the door after the cabinet and into a bedroom area. Walk around the armchairs and fireplace into a small hallway towards the open door.
The cabinet is above the eggs and the table.
next to the small table, next the lamp, next to the window
The study connects with a bedroom and a living room.
The bed is near a black platform and is in front of a dresser.
Go between the four work tables to the end of the room.  Turn left and go toward the arrow with the sign that says host on it.  Go the hammock and stop.
Exit the hallway, enter the bedroom, walk through the bedroom, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink.
Exit through the open door and turn left, then proceed into the open room with the carpet.  Turn right and go across the room.  Wait to the right near the top of the stairs.
The bedroom is surrounded by a bal, a living room and a bathroom.
Walk toward the room with brown wooded furniture. Enter the room. Inside the room turn left and walk up the stairs exiting outside the house and wait by the entrance.
walk through doorway out of laundry room, turn left to walk down hallway, turn left and walk behind couch, turn right after couch and walk behind three chairs, turn left after round table and stop before you reach the carpet under the small white couch.
Walk through the hall to the wall, wait at the end of the hall.
Exit the bathroom and pass the red and purple couches until you get to the glass table with the black chairs.
The cabinet is under the table and sink.
Go to the bed. Go to the light switch. Go up two stairs. Go up five stairs. Go up five stairs. Go up five stairs.
The printer is between two dustbins , under a lamp tube and opposite to a door with a sign "no entry".
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk to the right of the bathroom and stop just inside the bedroom.
The table is in a bedroom.
Exit bathroom. Walk down the hallway with the lockers on the left. Exit room and turn right. Make another hard right and stop in the doorway.
Go straight down the hall until you pass the stairs. Wait near the blue painting on the left wall.
Go through the door beside the sink and through the kitchen to the dining room. Walk past the buffet table into the living room. Stop right beside the window.
Turn right and exit the room through the door on the left. Turn left and walk out into the hallway. Turn right and enter bedroom. Walk through the bedroom and into the bathroom. Stop once you are in front of the sink.
Turn around and head down the hallway, up the small stairs, continue straight down the hallway until you see some stairs on your left, wait near the top of those stairs.
Walk along the outside of the house underneath the glass overhang. You will come to an entrance with glass double doors. Enter the building and wait.
Walk down the stairs and turn hard left, then walk down the hall.  Then turn left and stand at the top of the stairs.
next to a locker, in the corner
Exit bathroom to hall, turn left and walk straight into the bedroom, Turn left and stop at net exit.
The dining room is on the third floor, next to the kitchen and facing the washroom.
The stove is in a living room.
Go straight through the kitchen and then turn right into the common area, go straight to the room by the stairs, wait by the desk.
Exit the stairwell to your right.  Take a hard right down the hallway enter the bedroom and wait.
Walk straight down tile hall. Turn right and Turn right again into door right of plants. Stop in room next to glass shelf.
There is a long cupboard directly above it and an induction cooker directly below it
Leave the pool area, and to your right there is a massage room. Enter room and stop at the foot of the beds.
Turn to face inside room. Walk past television. Turn right at first door. Enter bathroom. Stop inside doorway.
on the long sofa, among six pillow and third from left
a big hall within a swimming pool
The chair is near a bedroom.
The chair is settled in a dining room on the first floor.
Turn around and walk into the room past the fireplace. Turn left and walk past the white table into the hallway. Turn right and continue walking straight. When you see an open door, turn right and continue to walk. When you get to the corner of the hallway, turn left and stop in the doorway of the bedroom in front of you.
Go the the left of the table and through the doorway on the left, once in the room turn left and go through the middle doorway on the left side of the room, take a few steps through the doorway and stop.
walk past bed through doorway, turn right walk down hallway, left at first opening, walk on the right side of table, stop in doorway on right.
The bedroom is next to a long corridor, and there is a living room downstairs.
The cabinet is in a tiny room.
Exit the bathroom and walk to the left, down the hallway. Wait at the end of the hallway, in the sitting area.
Go up the white carpeted stairs and stop at the top of the stairs.
The lamp is set in a small conference room.
Leave the kitchen and head into the dining room. Take a left before you reach the dining table and walk in the direction of the stairs. Stop next to the bottom of the stairs before you walk in front of the stairs.
Exit closet and walk straight down hallway passed the sink on the right. After the counter turn right. Walk outdoors and turn right into the open door. Stop in the doorway.
With the sink on your left, exit the bathroom, climbing the two steps ahead of you. Continue forward, going past the stairs on your left. Stop at the entrance to the kitchen area on your right.
Walk straight across the walkway in front of you all the way to the other side and stop once you reach the 2 beds.
Go up the stairs and then walk the length of the couch.  Walk past the dining area and into the kitchen.  Stop in front of the refrigerator.
Step forward, turn left and walk forward, wait behind the couch.
next to a storage cabinet, next to a carpet
there is a desk in front of the targetand the cabinet is opposite the glass door which is to balcony
Turn slightly right and walk towards the wall. Turn left and walk across the hallway past the mirror on the floor. Turn right and wait by the kitchen counter in the kitchen area.
Walk into the unfinished hallway next to the staircase. Walk passed the construction materials and around the corner into the next hallway. Turn left into the hallway and walk towards he open door ahead.
Go through the doorway and turn left and go near the desk. Stop on the right of the bookshelf.
Walk into the house and past the couches. Walk up the steps and stop at the top of the stairs.
Below the sink is a cabinet, and it face another big cabinet. There is a mirror right above it.
Walk through the door into the living room. Walk past the fireplace toward the entryway with stairs. Walk to the stairs and stop on the 2nd stair.
Exit the room. Turn left on the second door and wait near the bed.
walk left to counter, turn right and walk towards the oven.turn slight right and go forward to hallway.stop in hallway.
Walk towards the window and exit the closet area, turning right.  Walk past the foot of the bed and into the bathroom door next to the TV.  Stop once stepping into the bathroom.
Enter the door and go into the bedroom past the foot of the bed. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait just inside the bathroom in front of the open door.
The curtain is in a dining room.
Walk straight ahead down the hallway. Once you enter the large room, walk diagonally across the room to the left side and enter the door. Stop once you enter the door.
Walk straight past the lounge chairs and exit the room. Go straight past the hallway. Go into the fourth room on the right and wait near the bed on the left.
near a wooden tissue box; faced with a wooden holder and a brown bed.
Go up the stairs and stop when you reach the top.
Walk out of the living room through the wood and glass doors and take a right in the hallway down the hallway on the right and go into the den through the open door and stop right past the light switches.
There is a white desk next to  the  chairs and a picture next to  them.
in a small room within two closestools and two shower cubicles;
Exit the shower room between the robes on either side. Walk forward until you reach an open doorway. Walk forward through the doorway then take an immediate left. Walk forward into the bedroom until you are almost even with the chair on the right then stop and wait.
The stool is in the vast rest area.
The bedroom is on its right
Go down the white brick hallway with the potted shrubs. Continue until you reach the second white chair. Stop at the edge of the last chair.
Go to the horse figure on the table. Go through the doorway to the right side of the mirror. Go into the left doorway.
Turn right, go towards the desk, turn left and go to the bedroom door. Turn right, exit bedroom, go to the stairs.  Go halfway down the stairs and wait.
There is a leather chair next to the desk and a book on the desk.
The area connects with a gymnasium and has some decorations.
Go out the door a take a left. Go down the hall. Take another left, pass the rectangular table, and stop at the round table.
Go through the door behind the couch and take your first left and you should see the large empty room.
The stool is set under a yellow table surrounded by four yellow chairs and near a yellow box and a dustbin.
Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom and exit to the left.Turn left at the wine cabinet, the turn right and continue down the hall way. Take the first right and stop at the stairs.
A balcony is outside of the bedroom.
between a door and a wall, above another hinge
The sofa is near the living room, by the street.
There are several porcelains and a fireplace under it.
Walk into the hallway and make a right. Walk straight into bedroom and wait by the desk.
Exit the bedroom and head into the hall with the poem on the wall to your left. Turn left at the end of the hall, then stand in the dining room doorway and stop.
With the bookcase behind you, start walking forward to exit the dinning room. Continue through the next room until you arrive in the entry foyer with a staircase directly in front of you and the exterior door to your left.
With the wall having six photographic prints to your left, walk forward through the arched opening directly ahead of you. Do a dogleg to the left and enter the bedroom. Continue to the opposite corner of the bedroom and go through the door leading to the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Exit the bathroom, turn right, enter the bedroom on the right and stand between the bed and mirror.
Turn around and walk into the middle room behind you with the long black table and the large painting of sailboats. Walk to the other side of the room towards the steps past the long black table. Once you reach the steps, turn left and walk forward into the small red and white hallway ahead. Stop once you enter the hallway.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Wait by the picture frame on the right wall.
Move forward and turn right. Walk forward pass the kitchen area and enter the laundry room. Wait near the water heater.
The drawer is placed next to the suitcase below the books.
Walk down hall up steps and turn left into bathroom. Enter bedroom on the right and stop next too bookcase.
Go out the double-doors.Go to the staircase. Go to the bar.
Turn right out of room. Head straight before turning right. Stop at doorway to room with desk and chairs.
Go through the archway beneath the overhead vent that leads to the couch.  Turn left and go past the counter. Stop at the wall light on the left.
turn left, walk down the hall and turn left again, stop near the table.
in the middle of two deck chairs; mear the swimming pool;
in front of a wall paining, next to the stairs
Turn right and walk to the right side of the stairs. Keep walking straight forward and stop when you reach the splatter painting on the wall.
Turn around and wait next to the second black chair.
Go past the dining room table. Head towards the TV and pass between the back of the white couch and wall to the left. Turn left at the archway and stand there just inside it.
Walk past the patio doors. Stop in front of the bedroom and turn to the right. Move down the hallway through the doors to the outside. Walk down the sidewalk to the large rocks. Stop at the rock closest to the sidewalk.
Take a left and pass the stairs. Turn right. Wait in front of the two wooden doors.
walk away from the green chairs towards the red chairs, turn left once you walk past the red chairs, turn left before you pass the dining table, walk through another doorway, sop when you reach the kitchen counter.
Head around to the right, through the kitchen, then up the stairs to the first landing. Stop and wait near the wall sconce.
The towel is placed below the picture next to the towel in the toilet.
The bed at the end of the living room
Go onto the patio.Turn left and go until until you reach the rectangular table.
picture Connecting the living room and bedroom
The tea table is in front of door and next to the French window with a garden outsides.
From closet turn right down hall, follow hall up steps and stop next to painting.
Turn around and walk toward the white counter. Exit the room. Turn left and enter the door to the right. Wait by the stairs.
Go straight down the stairs and go left into the kitchen. Stop by the oven.
Go past the bed to the door on the left. Go through the door and to the first recliner.
on a small cabinet , next to the bed
If you are standing in front of the television make a right and walk out of the door. When you are in the hallway turn left and go through the door of the bedroom. Once you are in the bedroom walk to the window and make a right, wait in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk down the hall and stop outside the double doors, near the steps.
Turn around and turn right. Wait next to the counter with the bamboo plant.
Walk through the library room passed the table and out the arched entry way on the other side of the table.. Walk passed the dining table area and through to the hallway near the mounted brass art.
Walk past the ping pong table. Wait at the white garbage bin on the floor to the left.
Exit the room toward the hallway. Go past the stairs, continue down the hallway. Pass a black and gold painting on the wall then turn left and left again to go into the bathroom. Wait in the doorway.
There is a chair below the picture and a door next to the picture.
Exit the bedroom, turn left, go up the three steps and stop.
Go forward along concrete pathway. Take the first left. Go forward. Enter the door. Stop there.
Go into the hallway and go right.  Go into the first door on the right and into the bedroom.  Walk past the foot of the bed and through the door on the left.  Stop in front of the sink and mirror in the bathroom.
Leave the bathroom and enter the doorway across the hall. Stop near the wooden table.
The table is placed in the living room facing the stove.
The stool is in the hall.
Walk down the hall and turn left at the exit sign.  Walk down the hall and turn right at the first open door on the right. Enter that door and wait near the desk.
The kitchen is on the first floor, next to the livingroom.
under the mirror, face the door of the bathroom
Walk down the hallway with the paintings that look like windows.  Keep going and pass the dining table.  Go up the stairs and stop on the fourth step from the bottom.
Walk through the doorway. When you get to the stairs go up to the third stair and stop there.
Go straight ahead and into the bathroom.  Then turn left and go into the bedroom.  Go out the door and walk past the pool table.  Go past the top of the stairs.  Go straight to the start of the windows.  Wait there.
At the entrance, walk past the black door (on the left) and painting (on the right) until you see a table with a mirror hanging on the wall. Take a left at the mirror and take your first right through the open doorway. When you see a long table surrounded by soft chairs you'll have arrived at your destination.
Walk past kitchen on the right. Walk through the dining room. Walk past the curved sofa on the left. Make a right into the home gym. Wait in the threshold of the open double doors to the exterior.
Exit the bathroom toward the bedroom then exit the bedroom using the door on the left then turn left and head straight until you go into the room. Wait by the first green chair.
The sink is beneath the mirror and next to the towel.
Go through the doorway next to the couch. Go down the stairs and walk behind the easel.
Go stand at the top of the stairs on this level, right next to the black animal head on the wall.
Exit the room and turn right into the hall. Stop under the exit sign, close to the near red chair.
The table is in a big living room.
Turn around to where there is a conference room to your right and head forward. When you get past the desk on your left start to head left toward a white bookcase. When you get to the white bookcase go behind it so you are in between a table and a photocopier. You are at your destination.
Turn around and walk outside through the door behind you. Once outside, turn right and walk to the other end of the pool, At the end of the pool turn right and enter the door back into the house and stop behind the 2 white chairs.
Go inside pass the shelves and go down the five steps, turn left on the second door you pass and turn right. Wait at the entrance of the room with the green comforter on the bed.
The painting is settled near a brown table surrounded by four chairs and near a white sofa.
The lamp is settled in a big bathroom on the second floor.
walk to end of hall, turn left, enter hallway, stop at front door.
Turn around 180 degrees.  Go down the hallwy.  Turn towards the hallway marked ballroom and enter the ballroom.  Then stop two feet into the room.
The bashroom is between a bedroom and a study and there is a road outside.
Exit the room and turn left. Turn left at the first doorway. Immediately turn right and enter the bedroom. Walk across the room near the foot of the bed. Enter the bathroom. Wait in front of the sink.
Walk toward the stairs. Pass the stairs and enter the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Stop in front of the mini-fridge on the left.
There is a lamp in the corner and another lamp in the center in the living room.
The kitchen is next to a small storeroom and a big dining room on the first floor.
on the right side of a green picture,above the book shelf and some plants
The photo is set in the bright bedroom.
Walk straight off of the balcony and into the hallway, and stop in the middle of the floor between the bedroom door and the balcony doors.
Walk to the end of the hall and face the picture on the wall.
Exit the bathroom and walk straight across the hall.  Continue to walk straight.  You will pass a staircase and an exercise bicycle on your right.  Walk thought the doorway straight ahead of you.  You will enter a bedroom.  Stop by the lamp next to the bed.
in front of a table, on the second layer of the shelf
Walk in the direction of the dining room, and take a left before you pass the table. Take a left, and stand in the doorway to the wine room.
Go down the hall, past the boating picture, into the room with two couches.
Turn around and walk across to the other side of the bed. Exit out the double white doors. Once out turn left. When you see the door to outside, turn right and then stop.
Walk out of the living room and down the hallway. Go through the doorway at the end of the hall and take a left. Stop in front of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom and turn right.  Walk into the shower room. Wait near the sink.
There are many clothes and shoes in the closet.
Go all the way up the stairs and turn into the first door on the left. Stop outside of the bathroom, the first door on the left in the long hall.
Leave the bathroom and go through the laundry room into the kitchen on the left. In the kitchen stop next to the cabinets with the books on it.
Walk down the hallway and across the corridor. Stop in the living room and wait near the sofa.
walk down hallway and turn slight left to open room on your right. enter bedroom and turn left at bed.walk to bathroom. Stop at doorway.
Walk into the hallway ahead passing the shoe rack. Walk down the hall and turn the corner. Continue down the hallway into a bathroom area. Walk past the bathtub and continue through the open door into a fitness area.
Walk through the door. Turn left. Walk past the table. Turn left. Stop next to the bar stools.
Exit the bathroom, turn right, at the end of the hallway turn left. Then turn right into the bedroom and wait by the entryway.
Put the railing and windows on your right and walk to the end of the railing. Go half way down the stairs.
close to the other box with a brown lining; beside the door of a big washroom.
beside the door of the room.
Go to the door Go to the island Go to the stairs Go down two stairs.
Walk down the stairs and turn left. Turn left again and walk down the hallway.  Enter the first room on your right. Wait in front of the glass-enclosed shower.
Walk straight past the grand piano. Walk past the chairs and table and wait near the couches.
Go up one step and go straight through the room. Proceed through the open sliding glass doorway to the outside and wait there.
Go to the doorway beside the sink on the right side.
Walk through the bedroom. Turn the corner and walk through the open doorway into the hall. Walk down the hall past the next doorways. Continue down the hall past the wall art and turn into the bathroom on the left.
Leave the room and go to the doorway on the right on the wall on the opposite side of the floor mosaic.  Stop in the doorway of this room.
walk away from desk on the left side of foose ball table, turn left and walk through doorway, walk straight and stop before you reach the over sized chair.
Turn to your left and walk down the hall.  Then turn to your left and enter the laundry room. Stop near the washing machine.
Exit the room. Go straight past the couches on the right. Walk all the way to the table and chairs and wait there.
Go towards the dining room table, turn to the right before reaching it, and go through a doorway across the room.  Wait facing into this area.
Walk up the stairs, passing the mirror, and stop on the third step from the top.
Walk all the way forward passing both the mirrors on the right. Enter the open door that is straight ahead of you, and stop there.
Walk up 6 steps and turn right at double doors, turn right at steps and stop next to white chair and little table.
Walk through the door and continue forward to the green counter with the coffee maker. Turn Left and walk into the bathroom and wait in front of the door to the toilet room.
Walk into the the room with the blue furniture. Walk left out of the door and into the room across the hall. Go right and stand just outside the double doors.
Walk forwards past the three tall pub chairs. Continue walking straight and pass by the black leather sofa on the left. Stop when you reach the arched doorway on the right.
Go straight then turn right and head toward the glass dining room table with the fancy chairs pass the table go straight into the hallway right next to the kitchen and wait near the glass door.
Turn around and exit the door behind you beside the white cabinets beside it. Turn right into the bedroom. Turn left into the walk in closet. Stop inside the closet facing the corner with the wicker basket.
Follow the couch round the table and out the door on the right side of the room. Walk up the stairs to the left and hold on the landing between the winding staircases.
Walk straight and take a left when you get to the two stools. Wait in front of the pool table.
exit washroom toward hallway, walk toward stairs then make a right after stairs to living area. Wait at entrance of living area.
Walk straight ahead past the stove, sink, refrigerator, washer and dryer. Stop once you reach the bedroom door past the washer and dryer.
Walk across porch and enter building. Walk towards fireplace and stop at double doors below deer head.
Turn right and walk across the hallway through the doorway. Turn slightly left and enter the middle hallway and walk though it. Wait at the entrance.
The area is on the second floor and next to the staircase and corridor.
below a mirror and next to a metal tissue box;
Go inside turn left and go up the steps. Pass the table and chairs. When you get to the kitchen turn right and go into the room. Wait near the microwave.
Go to the bedroom with the large leather headboard and floral rug.
Go past the table with the chairs. Pass the bar with the stools and the couches then go into the room on the slight left and wait by the large table with the chairs and the chandelier.
Turn left and walk toward the opposite wall. Enter the doorway on the far left of the wall. Wait there.
Go through the door and turn left. Go towards the stairs and then turn left to go up the stairs. Stop right before the top of the stairs.
Walk down the length of the room past the long table and stop after passing the tub at the end in front of the door to the left.
Go straight and then turn left and go out of the bathroom.  Go past the workout material and turn left.  You'll be in a massage room.  Wait at the base of the masseuse tables.
Walk down hallway to the T then turn left, and left at first opening hall and then turn right into room with long tables and black chairs.
Walk through the bedroom past the bed and out the doorway into the hall. Walk along the banister rail passing the native american art on the walls. Walk into the bedroom that has fish mounted on plaques above the bed.
next to the bed, mext to the telephone
Walk past the stairs on your left and enter the room with the large wraparound couch.  Walk through this room and enter until just inside the bathroom.
Turn around towards the long hallway and go out the first door on the right. Go across the rooms in between the tables and chairs towards the door straight across with the barbers chair. Enter the room and stop facing the chair.
Walk past the four framed art pieces on the right. Make a right opposite the framed beach photo to the left. Walk past the built-in cabinet to the left. Wait at the sliding door to the office.
Leave the bathroom and walk through the opening to the left of the chair. Walk past the wooden screen and the glass-topped table and stop in the opening that leads to the kitchen.
The sofa is located in a bright balcony.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and go into the room on the right. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wat at the entrance.
Head left down through the bathroom and into the hallway.  Stop in the closet doorway.
The office is in front of a corridor door,along the road connecting the tea room and the restaurant.
Walk forward down the hallway and go to the kitchen. Stop when you are behind the stools.
Go through the kitchen and exit to left towards the french doors.  Then go right and wait and the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom and turn left into a hallway. Walk to the end of the hall and turn right into another hallway. Walk to the end of that hall and stop in the last doorway on the left.
Walk past the chairs and to the left. Walk in front of the chair and stop.
The washroom is on the third floor, next to the stairs and facing the dining room.
Walk past the tables in the center of the room. Wait at the stair landing to the left of the gold table lamp on the right.
Go to the black office chair. Go to the white PC. Go to the brown table with a plant on it.
Go outside using the double doors. Turn left and go into the house again. Turn left and then turn right into the bathroom. Wait near the entrance.
Turn around and head out the door of the bedroom on the left, take a right at the hallway. go to the end of the hall and take a right, keep going until you reach the top of the stairway.
Turn left at the coffee table, and walk towards the end off the hallway. There will be entryways on either side of you, ignore them and continue going straight. When you move forward once again you will come to a wall to your left and an option to turn right. Ignore the hallway to turn right and continue going straight. You will enter a doorway and there will be a coffee table to your right. Continue towards the stairs. Your final destination is at the foot of the steps.
Go downstairs and turn left. Entering the small room with the phone, veer left towards the small statue in the alcove. Stop inside the last door on the left, which contains a plunge pool with a painted sky.
Exit the bedroom through the door.  Once outside of the room, make a hard left into doorway beside the slot machine. Wait by the mirror.
Turn around and walk past the big clock Walk down the hallway, past the mirror.  Turn to the right.  Veer right to the bathroom.  Go into the bathroom and stand in front of the mirror/sink area.  Wait there.
Turn left and walk to the end of the bed. Walk through the door at the end of the bed. Turn left and take two steps into the bathroom and stop.
next to the white cabinets, next to the refrigerator
Turn about 45 degress to the right. Walk through the doorway. Turn 45 degrees to the left. Walk straight down the hallway along the banister. Stop at the end of the hall between the two doors.
Leave the room and walk to the couch. Stop in front of the right side of the couch.
Exit and turn right. Walk and pass all the exercise machines, and turn right towards the very corner room. Enter the room, and turn right again standing next to the divider.
under the cabinet, on the right of the stove
it' s in the corner of a living room on the second floor.
The glass is set near a bedroom and a tearoom.
Walk past the three chairs heading up the stairs on the right.  Stop on the third step.
head inside the building. turn right, then wait inside the bedroom.
The chair is in front of the white office desk and is near two smaller foldable chairs.
The vase is on a black box and near a beautiful sofa.
Walk down the stairs. Walks toward the tall potted plant. Make a right into the room with a bed.
The glass is in a dining room.
Enter the building through the sliding glass door and walk forward into the bedroom.  Go to the very back of the room by the window and turn left and stop inside the bathroom.
Turn left and walk down the hall. Take a right at the blue chairs and wait in front of the fireplace.
The elevator is located in small bar.
The telephone is near a toilet and a corridor.
The chair is in the living room on the first floor.
walk across the library with the table on your left.  Then turn to the left and walk to the other side of the table. Wait at the corner of the table.
Turn right and go into the room. Pass the first door on the right and go into the second door. Wait at the bathroom entrance.
This area has a big table and there are two laptops on the table.
The chair is on the right side of the same chair, on the second stage and near a row of medium size chairs.
Walk across the kitchen area towards the glass panes. Walk towards the grill outside. Wait there.
Pass the table and chairs. Go up the steps. Pass the stairs on the right. Go into the room on the right and wait there.
Leave the recreation room, and go straight down the hall. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall, and stop next to the letter S.
Walk to end of hall, turn right and stop.
Go down the stairs, taking a right and continuing past the living area, stopping on the wood outside the doorway.
Go inside and go into the room with a glass table and eight chairs. Walk to the right of the table and turn into the first door on the right. Stop in the doorway.
Walk through the doorway to the right of the stacked washer and dryer. Turn left and exit the house, then turn left and pass the two rocking chairs. Go down four steps and stop on the deck.
Exit the bathroom from the door closest to the sink. Turn left and go straight down the hallway, entering the first door into the study. Go through the study to the door on the right, then take the door into the bathroom.
Turn around and exit the room through the large entry way on the left side of the room. Once out turn right and enter the room with the red couch. Enter the room and stop right in front of the fireplace.
Walk straight out of room. Walk past kitchen bar. bar. Stop next to wall sconce holding candle.
Walk towards the stairs and take your first left. Go straight and enter the office at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway to the office.
Head into the sitting room and exit into the hallway. Turn right and wait inside the bedroom through the first door on the left.
Turn around and exit into the room with the large table. Once out, walk to the left side into the sitting area and enter the door on the far left. Once you exit, tun left and walk through the doorway. Stop once you reach the room with the stairs.
Walk into the bedroom from the balcony.  Walk across the bedroom.  Enter the bathroom by the first door on your right.  There are two doorways close to one another.  The doorway for the bathroom is in the darker painted wall.  Inside the bathroom, make a left and stop in front of the toilet.
Enter the house through the patio door and walk through the bedroom.  Enter the closet and wait by the chair.
Turn right and then turn right again and pass the white couches. Stand by the round table.
walk past stove through doorway,turn left at brown cabinet, walk slight right and stop in doorway to bedroom.
Go left and go through the right doorway and into the bedroom straight across. Stop once you are in the room.
Exit the room. Turn left and then turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to a blue and white painting on the right wall.
Turn left and go across the kitchen and out the black door leading outside. Once outside, turn right and exit the enclosed area. Once you are on the wood area out side of the enclosed part stop.
Walk forward with the glass door on your right. Take a right at the first door past the wood and rice paper partition and stop in the doorway.
The television is located in the living room.
The painting is set in a corridor.
The stapler is in the middle room of the cabinet and next to  the bookbinding machine and in front of a sharpener.
Go past the dining area and exit the sliding glass doors. Wait on the patio.
from hall walk left into dining room and keep going to entry, turn left and stop outside on the mat.
Go ahead into the living room and kitchen area. Go through the kitchen and take the first right past the fridge, stopping in the hallway.
Walk through the living room. Walk past the glass tables towards the chairs along the wall to the right side. Walk through the doorway after the brown chairs. Walk straight through the next archway. AT the buffet, turn right and walk into the bedroom directly opposite of the buffet. Wait by the door.
Walk past the iron patio table on the left. Head towards the entry on the left. Stop at  the entry to the building before you are inside.
With the bed towards your right, move forward, and then left to exit the bedroom. Continue forward until you go behind the reddish orange couch and can climb the stairs to your left. After you climb the short flight of five steps, pass though the door in front of you.
Walk past and to the left of the front desk. Walk down the hallway. Stop just past the double glass doors.
faced with an advanced big machine;
Turn right and walk past the ping pong table. Turn a slight left and move forward to the white bookcase Turn left at the bookcase, walk a few steps and stop.
Go around the right side of the desk. Exit the office and turn left. walk past the first door on your left. Take a left at the second door on your left. You are in the bathroom.
Exit the lobby, turn right, walk through the glass doors, walk down the hallway past the receptionist desk, turn right, enter the room.
Exit the room through the door in the opposite corner from where you started and enter the kitchen. Then go through the door opening to your immediate left into the laundry room.
Walk down the aisle toward the front.  Wait at the second row of pews.
The sculpture is near a black bookshelf and a white painting.
Walk towards the computer and proceed to exit the room by the doorway.
The bed is hung on the wall and next to two green sofa.
in front of two glowing screens and a dixie cup,surround by some documents
Turn right and go past the table and chairs into the hallway. Turn right and go into the laundry room. Wait near the sink.
Exit the room using the door on the right then go straight down the hallway until you get to the stairs turn left and go down the stairs. Go down three steps then stop.
The study is on the first floor and next to a living room and a bedroom.
The toilet is close to the bedroom and bathroom.
Walk down porch and turn right to front door. Enter house . walk forward and turn right into hallway. Stop in laundry room facing bathroom.
Walk through the doors and into the hallway with a red floor rug. Walk down the hall into the open door ahead long the red floor rug. Walk up the small set of marble steps through the door. Walk up the steps up the right stairwell and stop on the stairs.
Walk straight then turn left and go up the steps on the left. Wait there near the white couch.
There are many pillows on the sofa, on the gray carpet.
Walk between the two vehicles into the building. Walk towards the archway and stop in the archway.
Face the clock. Go through the door on the left. Walk to the rug and turn right. Go up the stairs until at the top.
Walk toward the kitchen, at the hallway turn right. Then enter the first room on the right and wait by the sink.
The lamp is set in the dining room.
Tissue are placed on a metal stand on a marble countertop with a cupboard above
The sofa is on a small attic, which is on the second floor.
Leave the bathroom and turn right in the bedroom. Exit the bedroom, cross the hall and stop just inside the opposite doorway.
Walk out of the dining room and turn right. Walk across the foyer, right, toward the front door of the house. Stop in the doorway of the powder room that is to the left of the front door.
Walk up the stairs and wait on the balcony directly outside the door.
Go through the french doors located near the large fern and head over to the staircase next to the living room.
Walk into the narrow hallway up the small flight of stairs Walk past the painting on the wall and turn into the first open door. Walk through the door into the bathroom and stop near the sink with black counter tops.
turn to the left and walk past the potted plant. Walk into the bathroom and stop beside the towel rack.
Walk through the open door. Walk past the animal tusks on the table to the left. Walk through the open door to the left of the ship in the glass case. Walk past the curtained windows on the left. Walk through the open door between the burgundy chairs. Wait at the threshold of the door.
Walk to the yellow kitchen area and go through the door just left of the counters.  Stop once you step inside in front of the white tank.
The bed is settled in a spacious and bright bedroom.
Walk straight towards the wooden door. Walk out of the conference room and take a left. Stop next to the corner of the glass wall on the left.
in a red box,on the white desk,on the right side of a box full of scattered stationery
the washroom is near a corridor which is near 2 bedrooms and a living room
The mirror is on the top of the flower and the pool.
The area is in the bedroom and on the third floor.
Walk through the kitchen past the bar stools.  When you get to the dining table, walk toward the long white couch.  Stop in front of the dark pillows on the end closest to you.
Exit the room and continue down the hall, pass the conter and turn right. Exit the home and go to the patio. Then turn right again and stop in the library.
The bathing room is near the commode and bathtub.
Walk through the hallway around the corner passed the coiled up electrical cord on the ceiling. Continue down the hallway past the wooden bench against the wall towards the open double doors. Continue down the hallway around the corner. Walk into the open doorway that has painters equipment and a painter's tarp on the ground.
Turn so your back is facing the brown wooden table in the middle of the kitchen.  Walk straight ahead, down the dark hardwood until you reach the staircase on your right.  Turn and climb to the fourth step then stop.
Exit the room and make a hard left into the very next doorway. Stop and wait near the mirror.
Exit the room through the double doors, cross the hall way, and turn right at the first door into the laundry room. Wait in the doorway.
The mirror is in the middle of the two lamps, above the sink.
Walk straight ahead, veering to the right to avoid the stairs.  Go past the potted plant and into the first doorway on the left.  Stop there and wait.
FACING A TABLE TO THE LEFT AND 2 BLACK CHAIRS ON THE RIGHT WALK FORWARD TO THE FIREPLACE, WALK FORWARD PAST A DOG SCULPTURE AND INTO A SMALL ROOM WITH A WORK TABLE.
go up steps, turn right, stop at counter top.
It faces the main entrance of the house.
The door handle is in the bathroom.
Exit the room and take the exit on the left. Then enter the hall by turn left. Take your extreme left and enter the hall. Stop midway.
across from the washroom and next to the bed
The flower is above the vase and the table.
exit bedroom to hallway. Follow hallway straight to stairs on your right. Turn 180 degrees and stop on top of staircase.
Walk along the side of the building to the left of the pool. Stop at the first pillar past the pair of pool chairs.
Turn left and walk through the kitchen. Wait near the edge of the dining room.
Exit the room into the hallway and turn left. Go straight down the hallway and enter the door ahead to the bathroom. Stop in the archway leading to the toilet and bathtub.
Go through the doorway and towards the white chair.  Go through the doorway on the left. Turn left past the black chairs and enter the door way to the left of the mirror.
Exit the bathroom and pass the stairs  Wait facing the large rustic bed.
below the mirror and across from the bed
Go straight passed the sink on the left, passed the dining table on the right, make a left and wait near the stairs.
on the ceiling, near a washroom
Walk down out the door and down the nearest staircase. At the landing, walk straight up the other set of stairs. At the stop of the stairs, move through the nearest doorway. Stop after passing through the door.
Walk up the stairs, walk through the hallway to the top of the stairs, turn right, wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn right.After you pass the 1 on the left turn right. Go down the stairs on the right. Go down three steps then wait.
The staircase is facing a big and bright living room and there is a corridor between them.
Walk into the hallway toward the twirly plants. Walk through the hallway and turn left and walk through the dining room. Turn right and stop in front of the couch.
Walk out of the sitting room and go forward into the dining hall. In the dining hall go around the table to the right and walk straight out of the doors. Once you walk out of the doors onto the patio stop parallel to the wooden bench on your left.
Exit the bedroom through the door.  Take a hard left, walk towards the beach poster, then another right turn.  Walk into the bedroom and immediately turn left, into the closet. Wait here.
Go towards the swimming pool, and pass it, waiting on the far end up it near some lit small palm trees in a raised planter.
Turn left and walk toward the patio. Walk past the chairs, go through the sliding door and wait just inside the living room.
turn hard right. go through bedroom door. turn left. go to door that leads to the hallway. turn left. walk towards the stairs. walk down stairs.
Turn left and go past the doorway.  Turn left and into a kid's bedroom.  Stop at the foot of the bed and wait.
Go through the hallway and stop after you have passed the glass door.
Walk past the table and the swing. Walk past the white and wooden chairs. Walk to the left of the table and chairs. Walk past the counter and turn left into the kitchen area. Stop in the doorway.
Turn around and walk out the door. Once out turn left and walk forward. Once you reach the large wood door on the right, turn left and enter the sitting area. Walk to the right and up the 2 steps and stop at the dining room table.
there is a sculpter on it and a sofa on the left
Go straight through the doorway, stop next to the chairs in the middle of the room.
The picture is next to the door against the wall.
walk forward then turn left, walk forward again then turn left at the kitchen area.
The telescope is on a narrow room.
Walk toward the table and chairs, and turn left through the door way.  Walk straight through the doorway and walk through the massage room.  Walk through the door on the right and in the doorway.
next to the wall, next to faucet, on the right of the door when facing the balcony
Exit the room using the door on the far right then head straight until you get to the double door son the left. Exit that room and then turn right and wait by the small brown piece of furniture and the black statue on the ledge.
Turn left, walk through the doorway, turn right, walk towards the stairs, go up the stairs, and wait.
The desk is set on the corridor of the hall.
Walk forward onto the stone floor and follow the hallway. Stop next to the chair on your left at the entrance to the living room.
Go out the single open door to the right of the fireplace. Go to the white table. Go in front of the door that goes outside.
Leave the bedroom, and go right. Enter the bedroom through the last door on the right. Stop next to the lamp on the table.
next to the door, next to the chair
Head toward the stairs when you pass the stairs go into the room on your right and then turn right and go into the bedroom. Wait near the bed.
Walk down to the front near the flat screen.  Then  walk around the couches to the door in the back.
Walk across living room, turn left and enter super cool theater room.
The broom is in the corner in a study.
The computer is put on a table. Near the computer is a chair.
under the window, on the left side of the mirror and behind the sofa
The stool is in a dining room.
Enter the house walking along the left of the folding chairs.  Continue past the blue couch on your right and stop in between the three doors at the end of the walkway.
The  fan  is set on a  corridior of the  hall.
The picture is in the first row and the second column of the six pictures, before a white wall and near a cabinet with a silver ship.
Go inside using the door on the left. Go up the steps and stop.
Turn left and go straight past the two chairs on the left. Go up the steps and wait there.
Walk across the  room towards the tree. At the tree turn right down hall. Stop at blue chair and desk.
The bathtub is in the corner of a large bathroom on the second floor.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hall and exit the room. Take a left and stop in the doorway to the living room.
walk away from the stairs and turn right, turn left at the double doors and turn right down hallway stop in front of fireplace on the right.
Leave the room and go right. Looking straight ahead enter the room on the right with the large bench in the center. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk into the reception area, and pass the first white table on the left. Stop in front of the doorway to the restroom on the left.
Enter the bathroom and head into the walk-in closet. Go past the closet and stand in front of the sink in the laundry room.
Walk straight and wait by the dining room table.
Step forward and turn left, walking around the desk. Continue forward past the two black lounge chairs. Walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom of them.
A red chair on the left of the vase and some frame and paintings on the right.
The lamp is set in the bright and spacious bedroom.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Wait in the doorway of the living area on the right.
With the pictures on your left go straight down the hall into the bedroom and walk past the bed taking a right onto the patio and stopping in the doorway just outside on the patio.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left walk straight pass the stairs to the next doorway and wait there.
Walk down the patio and stop by the railing.
a elevator on its left, near the stairs
Walk towards the large glass doors and turn left facing the diningroom table and wait.
Go right out into the hallway, and go right down the hallway until you reach the bedroom.
Turn left and then turn right. Wait in the bedroom straight ahead.
belongs to a changing room with two identical closets;
Go down the stairs and stop.
Walk straight and then go into the room on the right of the fireplace. turn right and go into the hallway. turn left on the door right by the elevator then wait at the bathroom entrance.
Turn left and walk across the room. Once you reach the end of the bar area with a sink at the end, turn right. Enter the hallway and walk forward. Turn in the door at the end on the left and stop.
Go through the hallway opposite the plants and go straight into the doorway. Take about five steps in and then stop.
Turn right and walk across the kitchen. Once you pass the bar, turn in the door to the left before you reach the desk. Once in, turn right and stop when you reach the end of the counter.
Pass the fireplace then turn right head straight until you get to double doors that lead to a room with a pool table on your right. Wait there.
Walk to the top of the stairs, walk down the stairs, stop at the bottom of the stairs.
above the washbasin, over against the bed
Walk along the hand rail and enter the bedroom near the top of the stairs. Wait near the bed.
The area connects house and outdoors with a stone dome.
The table is in the bedroom which has a blue carpet.
Walk a bit, and turn left towards the round table with white chairs. Pass the table, and walk forward and down the three small wooden steps, and stop there.
Exit bedroom to hallway, turn left to kitchen. Stop between kitchen and dining table.
The sofa is behind a brown table, near a small round table and a transparent table surrouded by six orange chairs.
Walk behind the couch and outside onto the patio. Walk left and stop on the walkway before the steps.
Leave the living room through the double door and walk straight down the hall. Take a left at the end of the hall and another left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Make a left and head forward toward the staircase, slight right toward staircase, then wait on second stair.
Go down the hallway and turn right before the steps. Walk straight ahead and stop by the bathroom sink.
Exit the kitchen and wait on the lower deck, outside the screen patio.
Exit the wash room, promptly turn left and proceed through the doorway. Walk through the corridor to the second room on the left and wait in the doorway.
From the top of the stairs go counter clockwise around the hallway. Go through the first door on the right and stop next to the bed in front of the double doors.
Walk down the stairs and take a left. Walk down more stairs and wait next to the glass door.
The lamp is near the stairs and opposite the kitchen
Exit the room. Turn left. Go straight until you get to a the stairs on the left. Wait there.
Walk out of the sauna into the massage room. Walk around the two massage beds and go through the door at the far left. Turn left and walk through the first door on the left. Wait near the sinks.
Go across the zebra rug to the doorway. Go through the doorway and to the staircase. Go between the staircase and the blue couch. Go outside and stop.
Move up the stairs. Turn right at the moose decoration and continue moving up the stairs. Stop just before the green carpet on the next floor when you finish ascending the steps.
Walk down narrow hallway. Make a left at first doorway on the left. Go into the room with the chair in the corner. Stop in the middle of the room.
The area is next to the dining room and the kitchen.
Turn left and walk past the chairs and the couches on the left. Turn left into the living room and go into the arch on the right. Go up the stairs. Go up three steps then stop.
Leave the bathroom and walk into the kitchen on your right. Go straight between the two counters. Take a right and stop next to the refrigerator.
The telephone is near a green bed and a tall lamp.
Walk past the exit sign and down the hall. Turn left and stop in the next hallway.
The living room is next to another small room on the first floor and is next to a corridor.
Turn to the left and follow the path. Go right through the entryway and then turn left. Go forward passed the chairs and stop near the popcorn sign.
near the decorations, in the corner of a bedroom
Walk into the house and into the second doorway on the right. Turn left in front of the dining room table. Stop in front of the refrigerator.
Walk down the path and into the building and stop.
Go up the stairs, and take a left and go into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen and stop behind the middle dining room chair.
The display is hund on the wall with three stools in front of it.
There is a toaster and microwave above the drawer.
Walk through the hallway past the ascending stairs, then take a hard left, and wait at the top of the stairs.
Turn left and walk through the kitchen. Once out of the kitchen, turn right and enter the bedroom. Walk straight across the bedroom and then turn left to enter the bathroom. Stop once you are looking into the bathroom.
Go straight and pass the stairs on your left. Then as soon as you pass the TV on your left turn slightly right and stand near the white bookshelf.
Walk up the stairs and turn to your right and enter the bathroom.  Stand near the sink.
Leave the room via the door in the middle of the wall to the right of the bed.  Once in the hallway turn right and keep walking until you get to the top of some stairs.  Turn into the entertainment room on the left instead of going down the stairs.  Stop just after entering this room.
Walk to the open doorway to the left of the stairs.  Walk before you go through the doorway so you'll be facing a long wooden bench.
The power switch is in the utility room.
Walk forward all the way passing all the tables and chairs towards the entrance of the ballroom. Stand slightly on the right of the ballroom entrance, and stop there.
Go into the bedroom with the yellow throw and walk through it out the door toward the stairs going down and stop.
The shutter is in a bedroom on the second floor.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left. Turn right into the room. Wait near the sink.
Exit the room. Walk straight across the open room with the blue and white design in the floor into the open hall on the opposite side. Stop in the entrance to the room with three white lounging chairs, next to the table with cups on it.
next to the stair armrest, next to the white and rough wall
The stairs is between the first and second floor.
Walk towards pool and continue to the right alongside it. Stay to the left of the lounging chairs and wait after you pass the last one, which is larger and round.
The sofa is near a balcony and a dining room.
Walk down hallway, and make a right in front of the red exit door. Walk past copy machine, and make a hard right into the open door on the right. Wait at threshold of door.
Walk forward and enter the bedroom on your left.  Then walk in to the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Walk down the stairs, and take a right. Walk straight and take the second door on your left into the dining room. Stop once you are in the dining room entry.
leave the room with the barber chain in it and walk 5 feet into room with long table. turn right and walk 20 feet to the end point of the long table which should be on your left. at the end of the long table turn left to face an open door with glass windows on the top half and with a ventilation grate directly in front of door jam. walk approximately 8 feet to the entrance of the open door and stop just outside the entrance to peer into a hallway which opens to another open door with a bed facing you.
Exit the closet, make a right and go through the doorway, make a left and go down the hallway, get to the steps on the right, take a few steps up and then stop.
Walk down the red carpet that passes the mirror on the right. Take a left when you pass through the doorway, and continue to walk on the carpet and stop in front of the pillar.
Walk toward the table. Take a left and walk toward the next table on the left. Exit through the doorway to the left of the couch. Turn right through the archway. Wait there.
The plant is set in the hall.
Walk around the bed and to the bathroom. Stop on the other side of the sliding door.
Take a walk through the bedroom and onto the other veranda where you will find the office area.
Walk to the end of the hall, into the bedroom and wait by the kitchenette.
Head down the hallway and turn right go through the right side door and stop.
under the desk,next to the chair
Exit the bathroom and walk though the theatre room. Turn right and enter the pool table room.  Stop near the table.
Head down the long hallway and go to the bathroom doorway.  Go in the bathroom and stop in front of the sink.
The bathroom is very big with two sinks in it, and there are three mirrors installed on the wall.
Follow the blue dots into the other room.
Turn around and walk towards the exercise bike. Walk to the door frame.
Exit bedroom, and walk past stairwell. Make a right in front of the double closet doors with brass doorknobs. Make a right at the end the stair rail. Wait in the threshold of the open door.
Exit the room and walk past the bookcase. Wait outside on the mat.
Walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
corridor links a living room , 2 bedrooms and a rest room
surrounded by six rattan chairs, next to a wall painting and a mirror.
Walk down the hall and stop just inside the bedroom.
The book is in the middle of the desk,on the right of a pen container and in front of a chair.
Exit the bathroom.  Turn right and walk down the hall.  Enter the first room on the right and stand in the doorway.
Walk along the kitchen counter to its end, then turn right. Walk through the living room by passing the sofa, to the furthest left sliding glass door. Wait in the doorway by the chair.
Go through the archway towards the outdoor light.Turn left at the couch and pass the first counter. Top at the second counter.
The sofa is in a big restaurant.
The painting is near a living room and a bathroom.
Turn around and walk towards the wooden cabinet. At the cabinet, turn right and walk past the table and stop at the 2nd doorway to your left.
Exit the laundry room. Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to the dining room. Wait there.
Walk straight until you see three lounge chairs. Turn left and go straight until you pass a room with a large square design on the floor. Go out the door on the far left and wait at the entrance.
Walk straight down the hall. Go up two steps. Wait at the top of the second step,.
Go out the door on the left then go out the second door on the left and wait there in the hallway.
The vase is set in a brown cabinet and near a gray and black bed.
The corridor is facing the stairs and on the second floor.
Turn left and walk down the hallway, then proceed down the next hallway. Then turn left again and walk forward and stop near the door.
Turn right and go to the door Go to the next door Go through the door on the left.
next to the window, next to the dining table
Turn to the right and walk through the open double white doors. Make a right past the light switches. Turn right and stop after going through the nearest doorway.
Exit the bathroom, make a hard left and stop in the bathroom near the partition.
Turn slight left and go around the corner in front of you. Follow the hallway around and to the right, and stop in the kitchen.
The chair is close to the white sofa and the tea table.
Go up the four steps and through the door that has the welcome mat. Go straight and turn right. Wait by the stove in the kitchen area.
Walk through the room behind the couch and out through the door in the corner. Walk down the hallway and into the room with the sink and counter top.
Walk straight across the room and into the next one. Wait near the wardrobe.
the entrance of dining room is on the right side of it.
Exit room through the doorway near the fireplace. Keep right and walk through the hallway, turn right, enter the bedroom and wait near the bed.
The painting is in a study.
Walk and turn left towards the bed. Walk passing the bed, and turn right on the very first door. Stop at the doormat.
Leave the bathroom and go straight into the bedroom. Make a left to go to the hall then make a slight right and wait in the doorway of the side door going outside.
Walk down the stairs.  At the landing, turn toward the front door and keep going down the stairs to the foyer.  Facing the front door, turn right and go down the stairs that are to the right, before the doorway of the living room.  At the bottom of those stairs, keep walking forward, passing the hall table and mirror on your left.  Walk into the dining room and stop just as you enter the room.
Walk across patio to double doors, turn right and enter, walk across living room into hallway stop in archway with counter on your right.
Turn left and go down the hallway, turning into the first room on your right with the door open. Stop once you reach the rug in the bedroom.
Walk forward across the deck, passing the sink on the left. Turn slightly left and wait near the massage tables.
next to the door, next to the glass wall, under the glass window
The study is facing a long corridor and next to a bashroom on the first floor.
Walk along the leather couch past the central counter top and kitchen area. Walk through the arched entryway ahead passed the armchair. Turn the corner to the right and walk down the hallway through the arched entryway. Continue down the hall and turn the corner to the right near the photos of children on the wall. Continue down the hall into the door at the end leading to a bedroom.
Turn and head down the lobby towards the double doors opposite the stairwell. Enter the large dining room area and stop.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out, go to the right side of the room past the chair and then turn left and walk until you can turn right into the last room on the right. Go across the room and enter the door on the right and stop when you enter.
Walk down the hall and turn left into the first doorway. Continue past the stairs and turn left. Turn right into the dining room. Wait just inside the entrance on the corner of the rug.
The lamp hangs on the ceiling and above the table.
facing a bed, below a picture
The switch is near a bedroom with a bathroom.
a changing room equipped with a shower cubicle and a restroom;
The decorations are settled above a brown table, a black and gray computer and near some paintings.
Walk into the main living space by walking behind the two upholstered chairs in the living space. You'll exit the room behind the loveseat couch, walking toward the white table with the white vase and flowers. Walk down the hallway toward your left with the table and vase to your back. Stop just before the stairwell next to the entry table. There will be a painting of a man walking on a tightrope to your left.
Exit the room and go straight down the first flight of stairs. Turn left and go through the kitchen. Wait to the left in the laundry room.
Walk through the bedroom and out through the open doors into the hallway. Walk down the hall passed the glass patio door and continue around the corner and down the hall. Walk passed the mirror into the room with the piano and continue past the piano.
on the door, next to the wall
the stair is near a living room.
under a book, under a vase
Go down the long hallway to the left. Stop next to the bathroom sink.
Walk straight at the door, then after that you can see another door on your right then enter that room you can see the window.
Walk out the doorway. Turn and walk out the door to the right. Move down the hallway to the left. Go out the door to the kitchen. Stop in the kitchen.
Turn slight left and walk straight. Stop in the doorway near the plants.
The dustbin is in an office with the number 302.
Walk on the stone path to the left and enter the house. Walk around the curved wall to the left and past the chairs. Wait on the bottom stairs to the left.
Walk around the table and chairs and toward the steps. Walk up to the fourth step and stop.
Exit the room. Turn left. Turn left and go down the stairs.Wait half way down.
Turn left and go in the left door to the bedroom. Go right down the hall and stop at the foot of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom to the room then go out the room using the door on the left then go slightly left straight down the hallway and pass the stairs. Continue all the way down the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Go out the large glass sliding doors to the balcony and wait there by the grey couches.
Go left past the bathroom. Turn right into the bedroom and make a left into the walk-in closet. Stop by the mirrored door.
The stools are at the juncture of the kitchen and the living room.
Pass the fireplace and then go straight out the door ahead. Wait by the chairs that have flowers.
Exit the bedroom and turn right, then take the left door into the bathroom. Stop and wait near the bathtub.
Exit the kitchen and walk up the stairs. Wait on stair just before the landing.
The drawer is near a bedroom and a bathroom.
Go to the window. Turn left. Go straight through the hallway and stop at the outside patio door on the right side.
The jar is set on a yellow table ,in front of a sofa.
Exit the closet then turn left and then turn right to go into the hallway. Go all the way down the hallway into the other closet and stay there.
Walk forward into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
It locates beside the wall and under a window,near a wooden closet.
Turn right and cross the room all the way until you reach the white couch. Stop at the table in front of the white couch.
Leave the room and go past the table with the purple chairs. Once past the table go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs in the kitchen.
Walk out of bedroom door into hallway and turn left. Go into first door on left. Wait there.
This is a very neat study with many books.
Walk down the hall following the red and gold runner, and go up the small flight of stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs just outside the bathroom.
Walk towards staircase. Walk up stairs.  Wait near top.
Exit the study. Walk down the hall. Enter the bathroom and stop.
Walk through the doorway with the mirror on the door. Walk through the room, and into the first doorway on the left. Stop right in front of toilet.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn left and walk into the main room. Walk across the room and and to the left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The chair is in a narrow room.
Exit the portion of the bathroom with the toilet through the open door.  Walk straight towards the vanity and turn right.  Walk though the bathroom with the shower on your right.  Keep walking forward until you enter a bedroom with a black leather chair.  Walk into the room and stop just outside of the doorway beside the black leather chair.
The stool is placed near a reading room and the hall.
on the table, among four bottles and second from right
Trash can is in the bedroom.
Walk straight through the dining room and exit through the door opposite from the one you started at.  Stop after passing through the doorway.
The lamp is in a narrow room.
Turn right and walk up the stairs. At the first landing turn left and walk up the next set of stairs.  Then turn left again and walk up to the next landing.  Stop next to Marilyn.
Walk towards the kitchen. Make a left just before the kitchen island. Walk past the dining table on the right. Wait at the TV.
Go to the right of the table towards the bookshelf. Go left around the table and continue to the chair at the end of the table next to the balcony.
The glass door is installed in the living room ,which is close to a white cabinet .
Walk across the porch area and into the open entryway into the home. Walk past the two leather framed chairs and walk behind the couch near the fireplace. Continue forward past the closed doors and stop near the open door in the hallway.
Walk forward with the wall on your right.  Walk pass the purple chairs. Stop next to the far silver chair.
Go down the stairs and make a quick right. Following that, make another quick right and continue straight ahead  until you see the arcade machine on your right. After you pass the arcade machine, wait by the door.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and go down the hallway until you get to a room on the right. Turn right and wait at the entrance.
Exit by the painting and turn left to enter the hallway. Cross the bed and turn left again, stop in the entryway to bathroom.
Exit the bathroom. Go into the open large area and go stand at the bottom of the stairs.
There are some cups in the cabinet. There is a pot of flower below the cabinet.
go to open doorway.  proceed straight down walkway.  stop outside first room and wait.
Go right past the painting of stones. Continue going past the staircase and turn left at the open doorway on the left. Stop at the laundry machine.
walk towards door in kitchen, turn right, walk straight towards dinning room, turn left at edge of counter, enter room and stop.
Walk to the refrigerator and turn right.  Walk into the hallway and straight into the room on the opposite side.  Stop just after stepping into this room, in front of the mirror.
Walk straight across the room, then turn left and ascend the stairs. Walk through the door at the top of the stairs. Enter the bedroom and stop there.
Turn around and walk toward the stairs. At the stairs, turn right and walk towards the double wood doors. Turn left and keep walking until you reach the end with the fake tree. Turn Left and then right to enter the double white doors leading into the bedroom. Turn right inside the bedroom and then stop facing into the closet door to your right.
Go to the glass door. Turn left and go between the white couch and the table. Go to the right of the orange ottoman.
Exit the bathroom and go to the end of the hall. Turn left and wait in the bedroom next to the stairs.
The lamp is near a corridor.
Go towards the archway past the dining table and into the room with the kitchen and family room.  Stop just inside the room.
The office is along the road to the stairs of the exit and around the corner of a junction of three corridors.
Step out of the doorway and turn right.  Walk down the hall.  Stop at the second doorway on your right, looking into the bedroom.
Go past washer and dryer and through the door. Turn right. Go past the cabinets and island. Stop at the table.
Leave the room and walk down the stairs.  Go into the office with the entrance to the right of the bottom of the stairs.  Stop once inside the office.
on the left of the cabinet,in front of a chair,above a box and with a computer on it
Go through the kitchen towards the fridge. Turn right from the fridge and go straight through into the hallway, stopping there in front of a door.
table In the living room
The towel is located at a corner of the shower room.
With the elevator on your left, walk forward and into the hallway through the doorway ahead. In the hallway take a right and enter the salon stopping once you enter the room with the light switch on your left.
walk toward couch turn left and walk between couch and table. Continue straight between two couches and to stairs. Stop at bottom of stairs.
Go up the stairs. Take a right, and pass the fireplace on the left. Stop beside the flag one the pole.
move down the path with the wall on the left and the outside on the right, stop next to the gate to the pool area.
Enter the house, and go along the left side of the kitchen. Leave the kitchen and enter the dining area. Take a left and step out onto the patio. Stop on the patio.
The chair is on the left side of a wooden carbinet and on the right side of a small wooden table under a vase with roses.
Walk toward the black sheer curtain.  Turn right to walk behind the yellow couches.  Turn left to go around the curtain.  Walk past the bed and stop at the foot of the bathtub.
Walk down the walkway and wait by the entrance.
Walk along the deck, turn right, enter the house, turn right, walk into the laundry room, and wait.
Walk past the framed artwork on the left. Make a right after the open door on the right. Wait in the hallway, near the whiteboard in the office to the right.
Go to the end of the hall and wait by the painting.
The chair is in the living room.
behind a bar facing two white stools.
next to the sink , next to the shower room
Go straight and slightly right. Continue down the hallway until you get to stairs on the right. Go up six steps then stop.
Walk to the kitchen, towards the refrigerator. Turn left past the table. Walk down the hall and stop just inside the room.
It faces a black round table and is near a black sofa.
pot culture next to the pot is the bedroom, which connects the bedroom and the stairs
on the carpet, in the middle of two nightstands, next to the window
under a list of bulb, above the sink
The cabinet is set at the centre of a small room and under some light bulbs.
Exit the bathroom through the open door.  Take the first hard right turn that is possible. Continue moving forward until you pass the stairs on your left-hand side. Enter  the room ahead of you and then halt there and wait.
Walk toward the copier and turn left. Walk past the shelves and toward the middle of the room. Stop in front of the pallet table.
The meeting room is opposite to a room that's not allow to entry and faces the lobby at a slant.
Take a left into the library, then sit on the white chair to the immediate left.
Walk past the dining table and take the door to the right of the houseplant.  Take a right and wait by the area with a water fountain and three paintings.
Walk onto the paving stones and turn left, following the path toward the door. Wait in the entry way.
Go straight up the stairway and keep going and stop on the top of the stairs on the landing in the hallway.
Go up all of the stairs and wait at the stop facing the plaid chairs.
The painting is near a corridor and a living room.
Exit the bedroom. Wait at the built-in desk in the hallway.
vase next to the balcony
Walk past the dining room table and chairs into the hallway and turn right. Walk into the first door on the right and then left into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway.
Turn right on the second opening. Go straight until you pass the tub and the sink. Walk straight until you get to the last door on the left. Wait there.
with an empty space behind the screen.
The cabinet is set near a white and brown bed and a rectangular painting.
Leave the laundry room, turn right, and walk into the kitchen.
Go down the steps and continue straight and then go left into the double doors and wait by the table.
Exit the closet and turn left. Head down the hallway until you get to a bedroom and stand by the bed.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk to the other end of the hallway.
next to a black table with a laptop on it, in front of a carbinet
Go straight and go left behind the couch and the dining table. Then stop before getting to the bar next to the thermostat.
Go towards the door on the left of the sofas. Enter the bedroom and stop at the door to the balcony.
on the table, under the mirror
Walk past the kitchen and into the hall to the left of the big mirror on the wall. Go all the way down the hall and into the garage. Stop just inside the garage, on the doormat.
Go down the long hallway and stop after you pass the big archway on the left.
The bed is in the bedroom.
There is a shower room, sink and toilet in the bathroom.
The chair is in a study.
Go out the door straight ahead. Head straight until you get to a round table. Turn right and head straight until you get to a bench on the right. Wait there.
The livingroom is on the third floor, next to the kitchen and stairs, there is a balcony outside the livingroom.
The chair is on a large balcony.
Go to the small plain bedroom down the hall containing a six-drawer dresser on the right wall.
Go toward the television. Wait by the shelving with candles on it to the left of the Television.
Exit the bedroom and turn right to head towards the stairs leading upwards. Climb the stairs and head straight down the hallway until you see some stairs ahead of you and to the left leading downwards. Stop at the top of those stairs.
Turn around and go past the bar and then turn slightly right, past the brown chair.  Continue down the hall.  When you get the bedroom, you stop right before walking into it.
Turn around and face the living room. Go up the stairs on your left and stop at the landing.
the living room is near a dining room,kitchen and a corridor.
Walk out bedroom door. Walk past portraits on wall. Turn right into bedroom. Walk into bathroom. Wait at window.
Exit the bedroom and turn right and then turn right again and stop outside of the house.
Leave the bedroom, and go left. Walk down the hallway to the elevator. Take a right at the elevator. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The light is placed in a tearoom.
Leave the bedroom turn left and go through the doorway on the right.  Walk left past the piano. stand in the hallway next to the two paintings.
Walk through the double glass doors into the living area and turn left. Walk past the dining table and towards the hallway. Turn right at the first doorway and wait in the laundry room.
in opposite of bed and next to the table
Exit the room. Turn right then turn left. Walk straight past the stairs on the right then turn right. Wait near the black bench on the right.
Facing the counter go right through the archway, turn right and go up the stairs, a few steps short of the top stop.
The glass is placed in a small conference room.
Turn around and walk down the hall toward the pillars. Turn right into the large entryway. Go straight around the table and left down the hallway. Stop next to the kitchen sink.
Walk through water closet. Make left opposite bath towels. Walk past bed. Wait at bedroom door threshold.
walk towards kitchen, turn left and walk down the small set of stairs, pass the small table and turn right, walk towards giant chrome cylinder, walk to the left side of the chrome cylinder, turn right at the two chrome chairs, and stop in doorway to outside.
walk out into the laundry room and into the sitting room on the other side. walk forward and stop on the rug next to the white round table.
Exit the bathroom using the door on the left. U turn right. Walk straight and go into the room that is to the left of the red painting. Wait there near the white chair.
The towel is placed below the picture next to the towel.
Go to the dining area and stop in the office next to the stairs.
Go through the door to your right, down the hall, and into the room on your right just past the door.
Go down the stairs and walk forward to the dinning room rug.
Walk through the open door ahead into the lounge area with two small beds. Then walk through the door on the opposite end of the room. Into the wooden floored room and walk up to the counter area near the plate on the counter.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and continue past the chairs to the fireplace. Turn right to go up three stairs.
Pass the black patio table and head toward the large glass doors that lead to the building then stop at the doors.
Turn around into the hallway and go right into the large room. Continue straight into the hallway and stop once you reach the rug in the room straight ahead.
Walk past the bookshelves and out through the open entry way to the next room with a piano. Walk along the wall past the piano and up the small set of steps. Turn the corner and walk past the dresser with a glass vase on top. Turn the corner and walk down the hallway with wooden cabinets against the wall.
Exit the bathroom. Walk past the bed on the left. Exit the bedroom door. Walk between the grey and green couches. Wait at the cowhide ottoman.
on the right of the range hood, facing the big table
Leave the bedroom and take a left. At the end of the hall take a right. In the bedroom take a left into the closet and stop in the doorway to the closet.
Exit the bathroom. Take a slight left toward the curtained archway. Pass through the archway. Exit the room to the door on the left. Take an immediate right through the double doors. Turn into the next bedroom door on the left. Stop there.
Go straight and turn right into the kitchen. Pass the fridge and the oven and wait by the dining room table with the black chairs.
on the left of a wooden shell and near many sets of desks and chairs
Step outside of the room and walk through the doorway on the opposite side past the stairs.  Stop after stepping into the office.
Walk past the chair and then continue down the room, making a slight right and stopping once you're near the dresser.
exit bathroom into bedroom.  go right to bedroom doorway.  step out into hallway by the large red and white picture.  go into the bedroom on the right.  go past the white chair on the left and out the sliding door onto patio.
Exit the bedroom and go down the hall. Go past the stairs and stop next to the brown, tan, and white piece of art.
The chair is placed in a corridor on the first floor with wood floor.
Walk straight head to the left of the stairs and enter the doorway. Once inside walk straight and then turn left to enter the bedroom.Stop once you can see the whole bedroom and outside too.
Exit the bathroom then turn right head toward the bar with the white stool chairs then turn left before the bar and left again. Stand by the extra large wooden table with the white chairs.
Turn around and head towards the hall way. Continue , until you see the square windows and make a right. Continue through the glass doors and make your first left into the shop.
Walk down the hallway and onto the large rug. Walk past the large round coffee tables. Turn left at the second coffee table and wait at the first set of doorways.
Go forward through the hallway, turn left at the fireplace and proceed passed the doors on the right and wait next to the tree on the right in the middle of the hallway.
Head indoors, the up the first few steps and turn left into the theater. Stop and wait near the ottoman.
in front of the shell,close to the glass wall and the gate
The windows are located in the bright bedroom.
Walk past the bathroom and turn right. Walk through the entry and turn right. Walk up the steps and stop on the fourth step from the top.
The chairs  is set on the  corner of a small room with  a red carpet.
The screen is set on the right side of a black screen and near a black fitness equipment.
Leave the bathroom and then walk past the tub and bed and leave the bedroom.  Stop just past the doorway.
Exit bedroom, turn left in hall, walk into bathroom at the right and stop in front of sink.
Walk around the corner near the wooden cabinet doors. Walk along the glass partition wall and towards the bedroom entry near the stairwell.
Turn around and go down the hallway.stop near the plant.
with one towel on the backrest and the other on the cushion;
living room is near the dining room and the kitchen
The ladder is leaning against the chest and near a stick
Exit the bedroom, walking past the fireplace on your right. Walk forward to the second door on your right.  Wait in the entrance to the laundry room.
near a swimming pool, on the wall
Below is the dining table with white flowers in the vase and some tableware next to it
Leave the kitchen and wait near the bar stools.
Leave the bathroom and enter the hallway. Go down the hall into the bedroom. Stop next to the bench at the end of the bed.
Turn to the right until you see the counter. Walk around the counter and to the kitchen sink. Walk straight ahead through the doorway.
Exit the room and walk into the doorway straight across from it, next to the tall green plant. Stop in the doorway.
Leave the bathroom and walk into the main room. Leave the house through the door on the left. Stop on the rug at the door on the outside.
Walk down the hallway with the stairwell on your left to the bathroom and wait in the bathroom doorway.
Walk around the dining table until you get to the table with the horse statue on it.  Turn left at the horse and stop walking after you step through the doorway.
The living room is next to the kitchen and the bedrooms.
Exit the bedroom, make a left, at the beach picture make a right, enter the bedroom, make an immediate left into the closet, take a step in and then stop.
The chair is close to the desk and the white block.
go down the hallway to the room with the teddy bear on the bed.
Turn to the left and go past the double sink.  Veer to the left.  Go into that room, it's an office.  Stop by the first corner of the desk you come to.  Wait.
Walk out of the living room through the double doors ahead. Go into the hallway straight ahead. Stop next to the cabinet on the left.
between two tables,on the left side of the room
Exit the master bedroom and walk past the pool table and couches.  Wait by the doorway to the left of the lamp post.
Walk forward past the window then turn right and enter the hallway.  Enter the first bedroom on your right. wait near the bed.
This is a clean, spacious and bright living room.
next to the door, next to the wall,between the two bedside cupboards
next to the white washbasin and the carbinet, face a door
Walk into the kitchen and go forward past the dining table. Go into the living room and stop in front of the first beige couch on the right.
walk away from piano through double doors with bookshelf on left, turn right and stop in doorway.
The lamp hung on the wall and to the left of the door.
The area has decorations on the wall and a massage bed.
Walk into the kitchen towards the stove and go out of the kitchen through he door at the end of the room. Go to the stairs and take a left into the living room. Stop in front of the ottoman in the living room.
The lamp is in a corner of the living room.
Walk out of the room and turn left. Walk out of the office and turn left. Walk into the bathroom and stop.
Walk towards the door with the dining table to your left. Walk through the door and into the room with one handing light  and a picture on the left side of the wall. Walk past the painting and through the doorway onto the tile.
Turn left and walk through the middle of the room between all the tables and chairs. After the last table on your left, turn left and walk towards the hammock stopping when you reach the hammock and rug.
Walk into great room. Walk past dining table and chairs. Walk past bar. Walk through open french doors. Wait outside doors.
Walk around the bed. Stop just outside the doorway.
Walk around the table. and past the gray chair. Stop by the bookshelf.
Go toward the large glass room on the right.  Stop under the arrow that says host on it.
The stool is in a big meeting room.
on the right of the table, in front of the bush
Walk through the door of the bedroom, walk straight towards the farthest brown leather chair and stop.
Walk all the way down the hallway, past the mirror. Then veer left and stop at the base of the stairs.
Walk out of the bedroom and into the bathroom. Turn left out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the stairs and turn left at the double doors. Stop just inside the bedroom.
Walk forward in the direction of the dining room. Veer right, and go down the hall into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Go through the pillars to your right  Turn left to  walk through the room to the left of the four chairs. Stop once you are left of the chairs.
Walk to left of the dinning table and make a right at the end of the table and another right and walk to the middle of the table and wait there.
Walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom doorway across from the stairs.
Walk hard left around the desk to exit the office, then turn right and enter the first office on the right. Wait near the doorway.
The desk is near a porch.
Walk through the kitchen and turn left. Walk into the second door on your left. Stop once you take a step inside the empty room.
Turn around and walk across the dining area. Turn left and walk towards the exit doors to the left. Walk through the doors and exit the house. Wait there.
Go along the pool to the right of the pool and stop at the doorway to the inside.
walk straight then turn left at the door.
Walk up the stairs and into the kitchen. Wait near the barstools.
The chair is set next to a square brown table and near a beige sofa.
walk past the dining room bench, turn left and pass the chair, and turn right to walk in front of the other chair, turn right and walk up the small flight of stairs and stop under the doorway straight ahead.
Go in the kitchen and out the other door.  Walk toward the stairs, and go down them, and wait inside the back door with a dark shelf next to it.
The cabinet is placed below the cupboard in the kitchen.
Turn around and walk to the beginning of the aisle. Stand ahead of the pews in the canter.
There is a trash can under the washstand with a mirror on it.
in the middle of two identical end tables; near  the swimming pool;
next to the bed and the lamp, face the window with black curtain
The photo is settled near two colorful photos, below a yellow photo and near a black fitness equipment.
Go between the sink and the wooden table on the right. Stop at the couch. Turn left and travel to the archway ahead. Enter the archway and continue going forward to the dining room with the large table and chairs.
Exit the room by walking up the marble stairs, then turn left and walk down the carpeted stairs. Turn right at the bottom of the stairs and walk down the hallway. Turn right at the first doorway on that side and wait just inside the bathroom.
Turn left and pass the bar with the stools/chairs on the right then turn right. Go into the door on the left and wait near the light blue chair.
Enter and the large room, walking to the right of the long wooden table with several lamps on it. Walk directly straight ahead through the door in front of you. Then continue and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Enter the room with the large rounded mirror on the left. Go straight and turn left to go through the door ahead. Stop at the hallway.
The picture is above a long sofa and facing to whole living room.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and there is a bashroom upstairs.
Walk down the aisle and wait near the altar.
Walk through the sitting area and wait in the bathroom.
Walk on the travertine pavers, past the pool and jacuzzi. Walk through the archway to the right of the shining spot light. Enter through the open french doors, and wait near the columns.
Walk straight ahead into the kitchen and turn right. Walk straight forward and turn right to go up the small set of stairs once you reach the bench on your left with brown cushions. At the top of the small set of stairs walk forward and end the door ahead. Stop once you enter the large room.
About face, go through the large archway then turn hard right. Go through the bedroom and stop in the ensuite.
next to the wall, below the picture
Leave the bedroom and stop in the bathroom at the far end of the hall.
The dining room is in front of the kitchen and next to the study and the bathroom on the second floor.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Exit the room, go straight until facing two chairs, wait there.
Go straight through the doors and turn left and enter the room. Stop in front of the bed.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the double doors on the right. Wait in the hallway.
Exit the bathroom and exit the room using the door straight ahead. Go down three steps of the stairs then stop.
The stool is placed below the table and the vase.
in front of the stairs covered by thin carpets; near two shower cubicles;
There is a tap right above it. On its left side is a big cabinet. The tap is next to it.
Go down the stairs and stop at the sauna door.
three cabinets around it;right faces a big box;
Walk out of the bathroom into the hallway. Walk passed the cabinet and wall mirror and continue down the hall. Walk passed the water cooler and into the next room ahead. Walk towards the large circular desk area near the pamphlets laid out on the desk.
Walk out of the kitchen with the sink on your left. Turn around and walk into the dining room. Stop behind the middle bench on the breakfast bar.
Walk out the door left of the second fire place, then ascend the stairs to the right and wait on the top step between the winding stair cases.
Walk past the two chairs in the hallway and stop when the open door to the bathroom is directly on your right.
Walk down the hallway by the banister. Make a right into the hallway with the feather art. Make a right into the bathroom with the chevron art.
Exit the room. Pass the stairs. Go straight until you get to a room with a fireplace. Wait there.
The stairs connect the parlour and the kitchen.
Walk into the house and take a right. Go into the dining room through the door farthest left. Walk through the dining room into the living room and stop in the doorway.
Turn around and go to the left. Enter the doorway to outside and pass the rockers. At the bottom of the stairs stop.
between the window and the sink
Walk down the hallway passed the curved reception desk. Continue down the hall past the pots on the ground and stop near the open glass door ways.
walk up the stairs to the landing, turn left, walk up the rest of the stairs, turn left and walk down the hallway, straight into the bedroom, turn left at the first doorway and stop.
Walk towards the big black door and turn left.  Go up the stairs and stop on the fifth step from the top.
Head out of the bedroom and down the stairs, turn right into the living room and wait near the sofa.
Head left past the white table and chairs until you reach a brown table, enter the room on your left and stand next to a table with a small lamp on it.
The sink is near a corridor.
The desk is near the bedroom and living room.
Go to the left toward passed the round desk. Go left, down the hallway, through the glass doors on the right, and stop passed the desk on the left.
Leave the porch and go inside and make a right towards the bed. Go to the left corner of the bed then make a left. Stop at the clothes rack.
The dustbin is set on the ground next to a white chair in a corner.
Walk to the door way then to the end of the hall and turn right. Stop at the bedroom doorway.
Exit workout room to kitchen, make a right, then a left to doorway, walk toward living area, and wait at entrance.
Go down the hallway and turn left into the first doorway, take a step into the doorway of the toilet room and stop.
Towels are close to the living room and bathroom.
Exit the bedroom into the hallway, turning to the right after you exit. Continue forward, walking over the transparent glass section of the floor and continue into the narrow hallway on the opposite wall. At the end of the hallway, go into the room on your right.
The sink is in the bedroom bathroom.
Cross the garage, passing the drop cloth and construction materials. Go through the door onto the deck and wait.
Turn around and walk between the staircase on your left and round foyer table on your right, through the foyer to the door outside.  Walk outside towards the outdoor sitting area and go around to the right.  Go a few feet down the walkway and stop when you are in front on the first window on your right.
The table is in a living room on the first floor.
Enter the house, and walk through the TV room. Walk up stairs. Wait at the carved wood sculpture to the right.
go towards the black sofa. turn right before it then go straight.  take a right past the bar. go straight then left. stop right past the door.
Go right towards the kitchen. Enter the kitchen and turn right towards the dining area.Wait at the entrance of the dining area.
The oven is in the kitchen on the first floor.
face the washbasin, next to the closestool
When you pass the stairs turn left and head toward the kitchen. Turn right and wait by the bar stools.
Walk along the patio into the nearest entrance door to the home. Walk down the hall into the bedroom. Walk passed the bed and through the door to the bathroom.
Turn left and walk past the doorway.  Go up the stairs, all the way.  Turn slightly left and walk a little way.  You'll stop when you are in front of the washer dryer set.
Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room next door on the left. Wait near the sink.
The fireplace is in the lounge.
Walk up the steps in front of you. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink facing the mirror.
Walk forward towards the big round table. Go into the hallway on the left near the stairs. stop just outside of the first door on your left.
The chair is set in a small office signed number 307 that only contains a set of office equipment.
The painting is set above two brown chairs, on the white wall and on the opposite side of a cuboid table.
Turn left and exit the room. Once out of the room turn left and walk forward. Stop once you are in front of the first wood and glass door.
Walk into larch archway, go left up stairs. Follow hallway straight up stairs. Stop inside bedroom with glass double doors on your left.
With your back towards the wooden table and chairs, go forward and turn right to go down the hallway until you're at the entrance to the ladies room on your right.
Pass the white couches and wait right at the beginning of the three steps.
Travel froward through the kitchen just past the sink,turn left through the small entrance and stand near the chairs and dining table.
Enter the bedroom and turn right. Walk past the first room on your right and past the stairs on your left. Turn left into the living area and stop by the piano.
next to the staircase and the doors
Exit the closet to the bathroom. Pass the tub and the sinks then exit the bathroom toward the bedroom and the turn left and exit the bedroom through the glass sliding doors and wait in the Patio by the couch.
The small living room is facing a big and white living room and is next to a long corridor.
right opposite the door across a bed;
face dining room table, walk to the left of the table, straight towards couches, turn left to walk behind the back of the couch,turn right after you walk through giant archway , walk down hallway and turn right, walk through doorway to bedroom and stop.
Exit the building through entryway. Stop on patio just outside the front door.
Walk between the tables and the glass windows, with the glass windows on your right. Exit the wooden door on your right. Turn left, walking under the exit sign, past the double wooden doors, and into a room with two desks. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the room. Turn left and pass the black bench on the left. Turn left and walk past the stairs on the left. Wait there.
Go through the door to the walkway. Continue past the pool. Stop at the black door.
There are some shelves on the wall and a lamp in the center in the study.
The cupboard is set in the kitchen.
The stool is set near a small conference and the gate.
Stepping between the couch and the bed heading toward the open door. At doorway make a left and your next immediate left across from the bathroom stopping just inside of doorway.
Enter the house, walk past the front counter, turn left, and enter the bathroom.
in the middle of six chairs, on the carpet, under the chandelier
there is a picture of leopard placed on the opposite wall, and a shoe like handicraft put on the shoebox
The trashcan is located in a bar.
walk out of office, turn left and walk down hallway, turn left before you walk through double wood doors straight ahead, turn right into first office and stop.
With the couch on your left walk straight into the living room and hang a left towards the piano and walk through the doorway into the sitting room and stop just inside the doorway.
Exit the bedroom and cross the hallway into the kitchen. Go past the kitchen and wait in the dining room to the right of the doors.
The area is next to the kitchen and the living room.
Go straight into the room. Go straight into the middle door and wait near the entrance.
exit the bedroom, go into the room on the left side, and then stop at the left side of the room.
Exit the room from the double doors next to the fireplace, then continue down the hall until reaching the living room in front of the front door.
The bike is placed in a reading room.
Walk across the kitchen and into the dining room on the right. Once you exit the dining room on the other side, turn right. At the 2 chairs, turn right and enter the fitness area. Walk to the left and exit out the door to outside. Stop once you walk out.
The cabinet is set in the kitchen.
Turn around and walk down the hallway to the left. Stop at the end of the hallway when you reach the wood floor.
Turn around and take a right past the counter. Take a left and walk past the couch and table. Wait next to the stairs.
Leave the bathroom go through the bedroom door turn right and stand on the second step.
Walk past the conference room and wait in the hallway on the right.
You'll see a hallway.  When you get past the double doors, there will be a door open and you'll enter that room. Turn right and go in there.  Walk past the base of the beds.  Walk a few more feet and then stop at the entrance to the bathroom.  Wait by the first sink.
With the window to your right, head forward to the stairs leading down. Climb down to the bottom of those stairs and then at the bottom, turn left and take three more steps downwards.
Exit the room and walk toward the door near the potted plant.  Stop in the doorway leading into the bedroom.
The curtain is set on the right side of a black table under a black lamp and a black sculpture and near a white and brown bed.
Turn around and walk past the table and take a right. Walk into the den and take a right. Walk into the bathroom straight ahead and wait in front of the sink.
Go left down the hallway and into the first door on the left. Stop just inside the door.
Go over to the next bedroom that has the large water color of an Asian woman.
The chair is close to the desk and the glass.
The painting is near a bedroom and a toilet.
Exit the bedroom. Turn right.Go down the hallway until you get to a room. Wait near the bed.
Exit the room and head towards the stairs on the right, go up a few steps onto the level and stop.
behind the door and two chairs,on the right side of the gate
Walk down the hall heading to the patio. Take a right before you exit the house and go straight. Take the second right into the dining room. Stop behind the first chair.
The chair is set near the bedroom and living room.
Move forward until you reach the open archway on your left. Turn left. Go through the archway and continued in your forward motion until you reach the middle of the hallway. Turn to your left then move through the open doorway and enter the bedroom. Move a little more in a forward direction until you are even with the doorknob on your left. Stop and wait.
The cabinet is located in the kitchen.
The painting is set on a wall, on the left side of a orange picture and on the right side of two picture and a newspaper.
Walk past the bar stools near the kitchen counter.  Continue passed the staircase and past the mirrored doors. Walk around the corner towards the small lounge area with a fireplace.
The corridor is next to the livingroom and on the first floor.
With the brown doors on your right, walk straight into the bedroom in front of you.  Walk past the foot of the bed and through the door on the left.  Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
The light is set in front of a window and next to a dustbin.
on the left of the small table, next to the glass wall
Go into the bathroom using the door on the left. Wait near the sink.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Stop by the rug.
on the long sofa, among six pillows and second from right
Go into the hallway andgo nect to the washing machine and wait there.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Go down the first set of stairs on the left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
on the balcony, turn right and go into the bedroom, walking between the bed and couch.  Turn to the right and walk into the bathroom.  Go to the toilet room and stand there and wait.
Go to the top of the stairs and turn down the hallway towards the open area with the hanging light and continue to the bedroom at the far end with the long couch inside of it.
Go to the right side of the round table. Walk to the mirror. Go to the left side of the dining table.
Continue up the stairs and take a dogleg to the left. Continue forward until the laundry room is ahead of you and a corridor to the right opens up. Turn right and continue forward and stop in front of the entrance to the bathroom on your left.
Walk down the stairs. Make a right into the hallway. Make a left past the sconce on the left wall. Turn into the room with the dining set.
The area is next to the corridor and the children's room.
next to a swimming pool, near a massage bedroom
Turn right into the hallway. Turn left and and go into the room with the rug.
Turn hard left and walk towards the kitchen area. Go towards the door to the right. Walk across the room past he carpet. Walk through the doorway right of the mirror and wait by the chairs.
Go all the way down the hall way, pass the top of the stairs and wait by the patio sliding door.
Go forward past the stairs. Stop at the doorway.
Walk down the steps and through the door of the building. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk past the bathtub and the table. Stop in the doorway on the right.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go out the door on the left. Turn right and go into the room. Turn left and go into the hallway leading to the bathroom. Wait there.
The painting is set near a small purple painting and below a brown and round table.
Opposite the tap is the living room
Exit the kitchen and go right into the dining room. Stop right after the big chair next to the table and chairs.
Pot culture  in a white flower pot with a lamp above
Go through the living room and the kitchen and stop by the stairs on the right.
With the handrail to your left, move down the hallway towards the exit sign at the end. Stop at the entrance to the room just prior to the exit sign.
ascend the stairs and then go to your left and go down the hallway and then turn left again and stop right before the kitchen table.
Turn around and walk down the brick steps to the bottom. Turn left and walk toward the brick boundary. Turn left and walk toward the plants. Turn right and walk past the white chair. Walk toward the open doors and stop in the doorway.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right immediately.  Walk down the hallway and take the first left, into the kitchen. Stay right, and head outside. Wait behind the wicker sofa.
Walk through the kitchen past the oven and sink.  Turn left at the table and chairs and through the doorway.  Go up the stairs and stop on the second step.
The bed is set in the bedroom.
Leave the bathroom and take a left. Take a right and another into the office.Take a left, and stop in the doorway.
Walk past the tables and go down the hallway to the left. Wait by the giant vase.
Head straight until you get to the double glass doors and go inside. then turn left and go into the first room on the left. Wait by the sink.
The power switch is between the black button and the door.
Walk upstairs and wait at the top.
a big room within a sink, a big bed and two pictures;
leave living room and enter hall turn left and go forward down hall. Make a slight right to avoid furniture. Turn right at laundry room and stop facing trash can.
Exit the bathroom and wait in the first bedroom on the right.
Surrounded by five chairs,. There is a potted plant on the table
Go to the right to enter the kitchen. Continue through the kitchen at a left angle and wait near the patio door.
There are some books and a blanket on the desk and a cabinet near it.
Walk through the doorway with draped curtains. Go stand next to the wardrobe with a mirror on it.
Walk past the flowers and exit the bedroom. Continue forward through the living room and exit through the double doors on the left. Turn right and wait near the entrance to the hallway.
Turn around and walk through the tables and chairs to the center of the room. Stop in the center of the wide open space facing the long table with the white table cloth and the other tables and chairs on the other side of the room.
The chair is near a empty room.
Leave the small kitchen and enter kitchen proper. Go left out of the kitchen and through the hallway to the bedroom. Arrive in the doorway of the bedroom.
Walk down the stairs and turn to the left. Continue down the stairs to the bottom and enter the showroom to your left.  Stand near the bath tub.
The book is set on a red benches and in front of a stone pillar.
Walk down the curved hallway and make a hard right at the first doorway. Go past the bathroom and stop in the bedroom.
Exit through the door, and walk all the way forward passing the white sofa on your right. Keep walking all the way forward until you see a long table with six white cushioned chairs, and stop there.
There is a mirror behind the drawer and some books on the drawer.
Go down the hall and through the second door on the right. Wait on the other side of the bedroom in the bathroom doorway.
Exit the room on the door to the right then turn left and go into the other room on the left. Wait by the bookcase on the left.
Walk past bedroom door. Make right down hallway. Walk past ceiling rafter. Wait at open door on left.
Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom into the hallway. Take a left in the hall, and turn right into the kitchen. Stop in the kitchen next to the the corner of the table near the doorway you just entered.
Walk forward into the hall then turn left.  Walk into office and enter the bedroom to room to your right. Then turn left and enter the bathroom.  Stand near the shower.
Walk past the two chairs on the left and down the hall to the left of the fireplace. Turn left at the first doorway where a handicap sign will be on your left. enter the bedroom and stop before you make it to the bed.
Walk between the bathtub and the chair through the bathroom. Walk through the archway to the right of the towel ring. Walk through two archways. Stop and wait next to the trophy.
The table is in a big simple shared office with the number 363.
The flowers are near a bedroom and a bathroom.
Exit the bathroom and turn right in the hall. Walk through the doorway at the end and stop in the bathroom doorway on the right.
Turn right and exit the kitchen past the counter. Turn right and go in to the dining room. Wait next to the table.
Leave the bedroom and walk up the stairs.  Turn left and go up a few more stairs and enter a room with a fireplace on the far wall.  Stop in the doorway to this room.
Turn around and go through the door. Follow the hall and turn right. Then go towards the blue lips and turn left. Go to the right and stop.
Walk out of the kitchen through the door by the refrigerator. Stop in the doorway to the hallway.
Walk through the hallway into the room with the indoor pool. Walk along the pool past the lounge chairs and through the open entry on the right near the potted plant. Walk down the hall towards the woven lounge chairs.
Walk past the table and between the cloth covered tables. Walk through the entryway and to the left. Walk into the bathroom and to the right. Stop in front of the urinal.
Leave the sitting area and take a left. Walk in the direction of the stairs. Once you pass the stairs stop once you reach the entrance to the kitchen on your right.
Walk toward the kitchen.and enter the first doorway on your left.  Stop next to the water heater in front of the washing machine.
Walk to the kitchen and take a left. Walk down forward into the living room and stop on the rug next to the edge of the white couch.
Go through the doors across from the bathroom. Enter the room with the couches. Walk to the left side of the closest couch.
Sofa near the balcony
Exit the bathroom, make a right and go down the hallway and make a left at the first doorway to the left, go into the room and make a right into the doorway and stop.
facing the table on the left which is away from the screen,close to the passageway in the middle and close to the screen
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to a washroom and kitchen.
Walk through the kitchen, past the sink, then stop in the doorway of the room on the left.
Walk to the end of the hall with the guardrail on your right. Turn into the last door on the right and go into the bedroom. Stop next to the nearest corner chair.
The dining room is next to the livingroom and kitchen ,facing the washroom and next to the balcony.
Walk down the hall towards the open double doors ahead. Walk through the doors and towards the kitchen area. Walk past the counter and into the kitchen. Continue passed the oven and stove towards the open door near the stove. Walk through the door and into the dining room.
The book is set in the hall.
next to the TV, over against the bed
The table was laid out on the carpet. A book is put on it.
Go up the stairs, and go through the door on the right into the foyer. Go up the stairs on your left. Stop on the second stair from the bottom.
Bathtub in the bathroom.
Turn left until you see the stove top in front of you. Walk towards the stove top and exit the doorway you your left.
Enter glass doors. Turn left and enter through double doors near lounge chairs. Stop there.
walk across living room between two couches, stop in front of steps.
Exit the office room, make a right, make another right right away into the next office room and then stop in the doorway.
Go down the stairs. Turn left and follow the hallway. Go past the white chair then go inside the house. Wait there.
Behind you, go into the room on your right.  Walk down two steps and keep walking towards the blue bath tub on your right, and go down two more steps.  At the bottom of the stairs go left through the double doors and stop at the doorway.
Go straight and pass the bar with the chair/stools then pass the clear glass table with the white chairs and turn right. Wait in that hallway.
Enter home.  Continue forward, and walk down two steps.  Turn left.  Walk towards room with two couches and black table.  Wait here.
Move forward and stop at the machines to the left.  Turn right and stop at the door entry.  Go left and exit the thru the door.  Enter in the hall and turn slightly left.  Turn slowly to the right and move forward toward the bedroom.
in front of a door, on a table
Take a slight left at the ping pong table. Go toward the staircase. Wait by the white chair at the desk.
walk down path to left and stop in front of large cactus.
The bed is placed in the center of a bedroom on the first floor.
There is another picture on one side of the picture, and the steps are below
The lamp is on the table and beside the window.
under a fan , below the ceiling
Walk to the back of the couch and turn left. Walk through the room past the open french doors and through the door to the kitchen. Once you get into the kitchen turn left and walk to the entrance to the dining room. Stop one step back from the rug beneath the table and behind the end chair.
Walk out of the bathroom and to the right. Walk to the end of the hall and turn left. Walk into the large room and turn right. Walk straight out of the double doors and stop.
Exit the pantry and go through the kitchen to the dining area. Stop in the archway at the end of the dining area.
The stool is in a small meeting room with the number 02.
There are three chandeliers and a treadmill in this gymnasium.
Go passed the couch and turn left then go through the doorway on the left and stop in front of the stairs.
Walk up the stairs and pass the shelf with books. Pass the plant as well, and turn right. Enter the bedroom, and stop right in front of the bed.
almost at the corner of this hall;
Go into the room next to the laundry room and wait in the en suite bathroom doorway.
Walk straight down the hall and turn left. walk into the first doorway on the right and stop.
turn left passed the steps and enter the room. Go slightly right and continue across the room. Exit the room into the next empty room. Stop inside before the rug.
Enter the bedroom through the doorway. Walk across the room to the balcony and wait behind the couch.
The shower is in a shower room.
in front of the French door and next to the rectangular, ratten and black table and seven chairs with the same color and shape
A blacj cabinet is placed at the corner of the dining room ,which is under a picture of tiger.
Exit the bathroom and turn left, go down the stairs, take a left into the room and stop near the table,.
Go away from the drums. Go to the plant. From the plant, go through the second doorway on the right side.
Walk out of the massage room and walk across the hall through the door between the paintings on the right. Stop just inside the doorway.
Go straight into the massage room. Walk through the massage room, and into the bathing room. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk up the stairs to your right. Turn right, then turn left at the fireplace. Wait by the curio cabinet.
Go through the two open doors and continue walking straight ahead, until you pass graphic wall print located on the glass wall to your right. After you pass the graphic wall print, there will be a door to your left with the number two on it, wait there.
Go inside using the door on the left. Turn right and walk past the sink on the right. Wait near the stairs going up.
The bashroom is next to a bedroom and a gym.
around the desk,back to the display and far from the window and close to the meeting room
Turn around and go down the stairs and through the screen door. Stop once you reach the wicker chairs.
There is a sink and a toilet next to the flower.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk into the doorway on your right and stop.
Walk up the stairs and turn to your right.  Then walk around the table then walk past the stove.
Turn right at table and walk between couches, and turn left, wait at bottom of stairs.
The stove is placed on the table next to the vase.
Walk down the stairs to the orange chair that is the furthest on the right.  Turn right and walk down the hallway.  Walk into a bedroom and turn right.  Go around the corner past the shelves and stop in front of the vanity with a makeup mirror.
Turn to the right. Walk through the doorway. Walk down the hall to the right. Enter the last door on the right. Walk through the room. Stop in the doorway on the opposite side of the room.
The table is in the bedroom.
Exit the bathroom into the bedroom, and continue to your right and exit the bedroom as well.
Go towards the brown tables, go towards the room dividers and when you are near the middle of them stop.
Go past the dining room table and turn right entering the door. Turn left and head for the large glass bottle. Turn left and then wait in the hallway right before the stone walls.
Turn around, go down the hall. Turn left and stop in the kitchenette.
The bathroom is on the right side of it
Exit the room. Go past the stairs on the left. Turn left into the second opening and go down two steps.
Turn around and walk through the glass doors on the left and out into the large room with a bar. Go through the door on the left and stop.
Go through the door and make a right and head towards the drum set.
The kitchen is next to the chatting room and the door.
The shower is in the bathroom.
Move through the bathroom door. Turn right and move forward with a large counter top to your left. Turn right when you to the entryway for the stairs, which is just past the oven on your right. Move in a few feet and stop.
Exit the bedroom. Go into the living room. Go outside and stop.
The bashroom is between a gym and a bedroom.
Go straight and pass the chairs and the large mirror on the right then turn right and head toward the stairs. Wait on the second step to the top.
The desk is set at the corner of the hall and close to the wall.
Walk through the door, turn right and go to the kitchen.  Turn left and go through the door to the hallway and wait three feet past the door.
walk down the stairs. Turn left. Turn left again and walk towards piano. Stop at piano.
Exit the bathroom and walk around the front of the bed. Exit the bedroom through the door on the right and continue walking, past the couch and table. Wait on the first few steps of the stairs.
A switch under it. Another shower opposite to it.
Exit the laundry room, enter the living room, walk past the white couch, turn left, walk to the kitchen, wait by the kitchen island.
Walk past the counter with the sink, and take a right. Go straight and stop next to the midle chair at the dining table.
Walk straight down hall to the bed room at the end of the hall. Stop when you reach the chair.
Walk forward and head up the stairs to the right.  Continue to the top stairs.  Wait there.
Walk straight through the kitchen. Walk in the doorway after the washer and dryer. Wait by the dresser.
The display is set in a tearoom.
Walk inside and go straight across to the room past the stair case. Wait here in the living area.
Go through the near archway and make an immediate left up up the stairs, go through the hallway, make a right into the bathroom doorway and wait.
Exit bathroom to bedroom and turn right into hallway. At pictures turn left to bedroom and stop in doorway.
The toilet is near a corridor and a kitchen.
Exit the room and walk slight forward. Make the 2nd right into a room full of pipes, a washing machine, and a heater. Wait in this room.
The dining table is near a living room and a corridor.
an empty and very long hallway.
under two plants,on the first row and the fourth column from left to right of the long book shelf
Exit the room and stop in the doorway leading to the stairs.
The power switch is on the opposite of the poster next to the door.
Turn left and walk down the long hallway to the end. Wait there in the hallway by the two bedroom doors.
Above the table, beside the door
Walk outside and turn left. Pass the two chairs and go down the stairs. Wait at the door leading into the closed patio.
Enter the kitchen and turn right by the sinks. Go between the cabinets towards the stairs. Turn left and wait by the stool at the end of the counter.
Walk forward and turn left when you pass the stairs. Walk alongside the glass wall to the other end and enter the door straight ahead and stop.
Go downstairs and make a left, go into the kitchen area, make a right, and wait next to the stove.
next to a door, near a bedroom
Walk through the hallway, towards the yellow couch. Stop in the doorway directly right of the couch.
Walk towards the door and walk onto the porch.  Walk indoors and stop near the door.
Go inside, up the small steps, and toward the kitchen. Stop next to the wooden kitchen counter.
Walk past the dining room table on the right. Go through the doorway and wait next to the kitchen counter.
Walk to the end of the table next to the Christmas tree.  Turn left and walk to the open doorway.  Staying in the current room.  Turn around so your back is to the door.  Walk forward and stand two feet behind the second chair pushed into the table.
Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk past the Christmas tree and down the all. Stop in front of the doors.
Exit the bedroom, turn left down the hallway and go into the opening to the right of the black chairs and stop.
Go straight and go into the fourth door from the right. Wait by the sink.
Go through the room and to the left of the television, turn right into the bathroom and stop.
The table is in a dining room.
Walk past the pool table then go straight through the door ahead. Wait near the top row of couches.
walk through the doorway to the left of the lighted sculptures on the ground. Continue straight until you pass a long horizontal mirror on your right. Turn right and walk towards the first toilet.
walk through doorway to exit laundry room, turn right and walk down hallway, turn right after the banister and stop.
The corridor is narrow which is to the hovel two small bedrooms and a detached bathroom and a small chair is close to the shoebox, which is put at the corner.
Walk out of the bathroom and through the bedroom. Turn left outside the bedroom and walk past the stairs. Walk through the entryway and stop.
Turn left and then turn right. Go into the laundry room and wait near the sink.
The office is around the corner of a junction of three paths and on the left of the stairway door.
Walk through doorway in the middle of the two light fixtures hanging on the wall, Turn left after doorway and walk straight through doorway straight ahead, stop immediatly after doorway.
go forward through the doorway.  Take a left turn then walk forward through the door into the garage.  Stop just inside the doorway.
The door is near a corridor with a wooden stair.
Walk to couch with pillows. Turn 180 degrees and go up first stairs. Wait in doorway to room with chairs and fireplace.
on the right of the door, next to the safe
Go straight. Turn left into the bright white room and turn right to enter the doorway. Go through the doorway and stop near the desk.
Face bed and exit room through the door on the left. Walk  towards the staircase. Continue straight toward the bathroom.  Turn right before entering the bathroom. Stop near the nightstand.
Exit the room. Turn left and go into the room on the left. Walk past the bed and into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Go past the table and chairs then go up two steps on the stairs on the left.
Walk down the right side of the hallway. Enter through the doorway on the right. Continue walking straight. Turn right and stop at the entrance of the room next to the rope partition.
Exit the sitting room, walk towards the kitchen and stop in front of the door, near the dining table.
Walk behind the couch and past the glass doors to the outside. Walk left through the entryway and stop by the gray chair.
Pass the dining room table then go through the door on the left. Pass the bed and the tub and go to the door straight ahead. Wait near the toilet.
The curtain is set next to a beige long sofa, near a transparent oval table and near a black and gray sofa.
The bench is in the middle of the two pillars.
Walk towards the chimney and head down the stairs.  Wait near the crab.
The sofa is in the living room.
The chair is in the outdoor.
Go down the stairs, turn right, and stop before the planter box.
Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left into the open doorway.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go through the kitchen. Wait near the round table with the chairs.
Go by the painting and straight through the doorway on your left.
Go straight through the doorway and make a hard left into the first room you come to.
The sofa is near a wooden desk and near a red sofa.
on the carpet, around the table, facing the glass window, first from left
the laundry room is near a corridor and a bedroom.
Exit room and walk towards the staircase.  Walk passed the staircase and follow the hallway around. Continue straight passed the lamp on the right and through the open door. Turn right after the first door and stop near the railing.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go straight until you get to the second door on the right. Turn right and go into the room. Wait there.
The stool is in a narrow room.
The cabinet is under the sink and towel.
Turn right and then turn left. When you get to the plant turn left and go into the room on the right. Turn right and go into the double door on the right.
Move forward and exit the room. Upon exiting, turn to your right and move down the hallway, past the stairs on the right side. Enter the next doorway to your right and stop.
The carpet is placed in the hall.
Pass the couches and go straight until you get to the glass table with fancy chairs then stop.
The kitchen is on the third, facing the stairs and next to the livingroom and balcony.
The display is placed in a big conference room.
Paintings are in the living room.
Leave the massage room and take a right. Go into the first door on the right with a tanning bed. Stop and the foot of the tanning bed.
Turn towards your left and walk along the edge of the pool. Once you reach the other side of the room turn right. Head towards the desk and then stop behind the desk facing the 3 steps.
Walk from living room to hall, turn left and go down stairs. Stop at the bottom of stairs looking at exercise room.
Travel toward the cabinets behind the couch. Turn left and travel toward the ovens. Turn right into the hallway. Stop at the foot of the stairs.
Go straight, and turn right to go down the hallway toward the stairs. Walk up the stairs until you reach the top.
Walk out of the bathroom and make a left into the hallway.  Walk forward with the railing on your right, and the pool table on your left.  Keep walking past the pool table and go into the room that is the last door on the right.  Walk into the room,  turn right and walk between the end of the bed and the dresser.  Walk forward and stop when you get up to the tub.
Leave the bathroom and take a right into the living room. In the living room walk towards the dining room table and stop behind the first chair on the right.
beside a big open basket; opposite a mirror above a table;
The stool is in a small meeting room with a number 02.
The lamp is near a corridor and a toilet.
Walk directly between the refrigerator and the island, straight through till you reach the fireplace. Stop directly in front of the television hanging on the fireplace.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. after you pass an old phone on the wall turn left. Head down that hallway until you get to a large room then turn left. Walk past the stairs and wait near the left side hallway.
The toy is in a bedrooom.
Exit the room. Turn left. Go past the pool and straight into the hallway. Wait there.
Walk through the dining room area passed the dining table. Walk over to the blue couch near the window.
Walk into the small well lit space past all of the cabinets and to the left into the bathroom.
The cabinet is in the corner and beside the table.
Stand so the doorway is behind you and walk straight into the doorway on the opposite wall.  Keep going straight and stop just before stepping on the rug in the bedroom.
TURN TO THE LEFT SO THE KITCHEN ISLAND IS ON THE RIGHT AND A REFRIGERATOR  IS ON THE LEFT WITH CABINET PANTRY IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK FORWARD TO THE CABINET PANTRY, TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU FACE A HALLWAY WITH A SLIDING GLASS DOOR LOOKING ONTO A PATIO IS ON THE LEFT, WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY UNTIL YOU COME TO ANOTHER SET OF SLIDING GLASS DOORS ON THE LEFT WITH A RECESSED DOOR ON THE RIGHT, TURN TURN TO THE DOOR AND WALK THOUGH IT, WALK THOUGH THE ROOM UNTIL YOU COME TO A BOOKCASE.
The kitchen is next to the dining room, facing the stairs and on the third floor.
walk by sink and through arch, stop at opening.
Walk straight along side the pool and wait next to the small waterfall.
Walk past the dining table and take a right. Stop once you pass the second stool on the left.
Walk towards the dark animal skin rug and turn right when standing on top of it.  Keep going until you get to the stairs and then go down.  Stop on the third step from the top.
on the wall, next to the door, among three pictures and in the middle of two pictures
Turn around and walk out of the room and take a left. Walk straight past the stairs and into the last room on the left. Wait in the bedroom.
Walk through the great room toward the kitchen, then turn right into the hallway. Promptly turn left into the bedroom. Wait near the entryway.
Turn left just past the first covered white table. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom on your right.
Position yourself so the windows are on your left and walk straight past the front door, columns, and stairs.  Enter into the larger room with a circular couch around a fireplace.  Stop at the end of the couch closest to tree in the pot on the left of the fireplace.
Walk forward and turn right. Walk down the hallway and turn left at the wooden paneled lockers. Wait near the sink.
The towel is next to the brush and wine.
Exit the kitchen to the right and make another right to enter the laundry room. Wait near the sink.
Go through the doorway to the hall.  Go down the hall past teh landing.  Take the first door on the right and stop in the doorway.
Go down the step and turn left. Turn right and go down the steps. Wait there.
Next to a shelf and a TV
Facing the mirror, turn left, go through the archway, go through the room toward the dining table and wait near the table.
Walk through the arched entryway into the next room. walk over the floor rug towards the stairwell. Walk up to the top of the staircase to the upper level of the home and stop at the top of the stairs near the old drawings on the wall.
Leave the sitting area, and take a left. Go to the stairs and take a right into the kitchen. Stop in the kitchen next to the counter.
Exit the nook, then turn right. Counting the cement slab you're standing on as "one", move forward until you're on slab number "five". There will be a ping pong table on the slab to your left and a long table with a mixture of black, white, and wood grain chairs ahead of your and slightly to your left.
Go down the hallway and pass the fireplace then turn slightly left and pass the stairs and when you get to the kitchen wait by the first bar stool.
Turn left, go past the open door and the dining table towards a small door with a round top. It is down 2 steps near a chandelier.
The screen is settled on a brown table, near a white typewriter and near a black fitness equipment.
The cloakroom is inside the bedroom, on the floor and next to the kitchen.
The vase is at the end of the living room
Walk towards the hallway and stop in the door frame prior to entering the hallway.
Walk out of the bathroom and keep going straight past the closet. Wait near the nightstand.
Exit the room, turn right and walk through the glass doorway, continue down the corridor pass the partition and turn left. Proceed to the end of the hallway, then wait by the wall art on the right.
Go down the hallway and turn right then turn right again and wait there in the laundry room.
Keeping the light switch to your right, move forward on to the stone floor. Remaining on the stone floor, pivot to the left and continue to move onward. Walk past the two butter churns on the left, then again veer to the left. Enter the dining room and traverse it, keeping to the right side of the table. On your right is a doorway to the living room. Advance until you're even with the corner of the cabinet on your left. Remain standing here.
This area faces the open kitchen, next to the pool, and dinning table on the other side.
Turn around and walk out of the room. Turn left and follow the wood railing to the end and then turn right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go to the left.  Go down a hallway and then stop when you come to two bedroom doors.
Walk through the living room and wait in the foyer near the table.
Continue to climb the stairs and at the top, turn right and exit the room though the opening to the right of the fireplace.  Go through the door opening to your right with the sign "ABE LINCOLN" above it.
The study connects with the outside and is next to a bedroom.
there a bedroom ,a bath room and a room around the corridor
Walk down the hallway into the large open room. Turn to your left and enter the doorway on the left. Walk into room towards the first table and stop.
The earphone is placed in the hall.
Exit the bedroom, go straight up the stairs and continue straight through to the kitchen area and stop.
The lamp is near a bedroom.
Go out the room then go into the room straight ahead and then wait by the bed.
Walk through the hallway to the stairway, turn left, walk past the stairs, enter the laundry room, wait at the washer.
next to a sculpture, in front of a table
on the table, above the sink
Go straight and slightly right toward the piano. When you pass the piano turn right and wait near the tables.
Go up the stairs, then follow the hallway to the intersection and stop.
The chair is under a table and a computer.
The area is near the balcony outside the window and at the back of the restaurant.
Exit the bathroom, make a right. Go straight up the small flight of stairs and then make two quick lefts and then wait there.
Exit bathroom to bedroom, Exit bedroom turn right and stop at sliding door to outside.
The sofa is set near a transparent oval sofa, opposite to a beige long sofa and in front of a black stove.
under a lamp, next to a bed
Go forward to the first open doorway which is on the left.  Go forward into the room and stop and wait at the doorway on the right.
Walk straight through the door and turn left. Walk up the stairs on the left, and then turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait near the bed.
Leave the room with the bar and walk straight into the kitchen. Make a right at the kitchen counter and leave the kitchen. Make a slight left in the dining area and wait in the office by the stairs.
Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk out of the bathroom and walk to the right of the bed. Turn right and walk into the closet and stop.
Walk through the hallway between the white bookshelf and stone wall. Stop in front the large green vase.
under the big table, in front of the stairs, among four stools and second from left
The chair is at the corner of a bedroom on the second floor.
The laptop is next to the newspaper , a big screen and a green stapler,on the white table and in front of lots of snacks.
Walk through door, take a right, stop right before the coach the chair in the middle.
Walk forward with the stairs behind you. Walk straight and take the second left. Stop on the second from the bottom stair.
Walk past the abstract painting over the drinks towards the large dining table.  Pass the table and stop at the entry of the room with the navy blue walls and bookshelves.
Go straight until you pass the coffee table then turn left. Go straight until you get to three steps. Wait there.
When you leave the big dinning area go straight to the stairs and walk up the first flight. When you get the second flight of stairs wait on the third step.
Walk under the archway toward the pool. At the pathway turn right, then enter the building through the sliding glass doors. Turn left, proceed through the archway and wait by the theater doors.
Walk out of the kitchen through the door on the right. Walk down the hall and enter the office through the last door on the left. Stop in the doorway to the office.
Walk straight between a wall on your left and two potted plants on your right. Continue about 5 meters and then just after you pass a white iron fence on the left, you will turn slight right through the open door. Turn slight right again and then walk straight, past the wood and glass bookshelf that will be on your right. After the end of the bookshelf you will see a door on your right, and just past that you will notice the walls become all cinderblock as you walk down four steps and enter a hallway. Turn left through the first open door on your left, and walk through the door about 05.-1 meter. Stop. You will be looking at a narrow but long room with a blue fabric couch on the left and a desk and bookshelf on the right.
Walk straight around the outside of the building and stop between the cross statue and pink flowers.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right past the chairs. Turn right and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
The display is on the wall in a small meeting room signed 03.
Turn around and walk towards the bed. Turn towards the doorway going outside. Wait outside by the doorway and stairs.
Go straight. Turn left and go straight. Turn right and then go into the second door on the left. Wait near the sink.
The telephone is in a vast office.
Walk through the open glass pane door into the large open room ahead. Walk around the columns and past the leather arm chairs against the wall. Stop near the oped door to the outside past the armchairs.
hung on the wall, above the cooking bench
Walk straight out of the room. Go past the dresser on your left. Stop by the front door.
Walk out of the elevator and take a hard left, walk out of the doorway and take a left. Wait in front of the door.
Walk into the building and past the stairs. Walk to the end of the island and stop.
Go to the motorcycle. Go to the fire extinguisher. Go to the vice. Go to the thermostat.
The poster is on the opposite. The door is besides.
Locate the stove. Travel around the counter to the doorway to the right of the stove. go through the archway and to the stairs. Go up three steps.
The books are on the fourth layer of a shelf in a study.
Go into the kitchen and wait by the fridge.
Walk down concrete path, at T turn right and enter house. Turn left into bedroom. Wait next to TV.
Turn slightly left and walk forward. Keep walking forward, past the staircase. Walk forward into the living room.  Stop in front of the open screen door.
Walk down the covered walkway with the building on your right. When you reach the set of double wooden glass doors on your right, go into the building.
under the window, next to the bed, next to the washroom's door
Exit bedroom, across hall to outside. walk passed Murphy bed, turn left on walk and stop under porch.
Face the bathroom and turn left. Go straight and take the first door way on the right. Pass the stairs on the left and walk through the doorway. Stop beside the door.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the first doorway on the right and stop.
Walk past the couches and up the steps. Take the first left and enter the room.  Stop in front of the doorknob.
The sofa is near a corridor and a toilet.
Walk towards the pool.  Make a left when you get to the edge of the pool, and stop in front of the glass door with the grey frame leading into the house.
Walk up the stairs and take a left. Go around the banister and take the first right.Stop outside of the bathroom.
having washrooms and shower cubicles.
Walk out of the pantry and take a left. Take a left behind the couch, and take a left into the kitchen. Stop next to the counter in the kitchen.
Walk through the doorway and past the leather benches. Turn slightly left and walk straight. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Continue walking straight until you pass a large marble pot then turn left and stop.
Go down the hallway with the long red runner and into the bedroom that is right before the staircase and you will find a bathroom that has a pot of roses on the sink.
surrounded by a small table and a long table, connecting two floors
Enter the house from the front patio. Go through foyer turn right. Go into the dining area. Go left past the dining table and wait at the entrance to the kitchen.
Enter through the door. Pass the pool table and wait in the doorway in the hall.
Turn around and exit the bathroom. Turn left and enter the closet.
beside the door of the washing room; opposite a big box;
Leave the closet and walk straight through the room past the bed and into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet.
Turn around and go past the chairs. Go up the stairs and wait next to the painting on the wall.
the bedroom is on the right side of it
Continue through the hallway, pass the great room, then stop near the bookshelves.
The sofa is near a kitchen.
Exit the bathroom by the solid wooden door to the left of the vanity mirror.  Go through the first door on your left upon exiting the bathroom, and walk straight across the adjacent room.  A glass topped table with white chairs will be on your left as you pass.  Stop when you walk through the doorway in front of you.
walk towards fireplace, turn left and walk straight through doorway, walk straight past bench, stop in first doorway on your right.
Turn around and go right down the hallway. Stop in the entrance to the bedroom.
Leave the bedroom, and head into the hall. Go down the stairs, and go right. Stop in front of the main door into the house.
Go straight towards the open door that leads to the kitchen. Continue through the kitchen through the dining room towards the stairs. Stop on the second step of the stairs leading upstairs.
Walk forward away from the pool and and enter the room that is second on the right. Stop at the between the massage beds next to the checkered cloth.
. Walk around the counter top. Walk towards the dining room area Walk passed the dining table and towards the couches. Continue passed the couches and out through the glass sliding door to the outside patio area.
The telephone is facing directly the gate and the corridor and is oppoiste to an empty office.
The cabinet is on a laundry.
exit bedroom pass stairs, enter bedroom on left at end of hall.
Move past the massage tables and out the door to the left. Stop just outside the doorway.
Go up the stairs and take a left into the bedroom. Turn around and to into the bathroom behind the bedroom door.Stand and wait just inside the entrance to the bathroom.
proceed up the stairs, curve right walk up last steps onto hardwood floor, continue straight and stop in the doorway on left.
Walk past the bureau and closet. Turn right, enter the room and stop by the counter.
Enter the doorway and turn left at the water fountain. Turn left and continue to the double wooden doors on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Go up the stairs and keep walking straight through the doorway to the left of the red painting.  Stop when you enter this bedroom.
There are quilts which be decorated by many flowers on the double bed and the double bed is between two lamps.
Walk right and up the first set of stairs.
Proceed up the stairs, then turn right at the kitchen counter. Pass through the entryway onto the patio. Wait by the lounge seat.
Go straight and pass the sinks. Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn right and go into the room next door. Walk past the wall with the holes on the right and walk straight until you get to the wall on the left with holes. Wait there.
The lamp is on the table settled in a warm child-bedroom.
walk forward then turn left and wait near the door.
walk forward then turn right at the room, walk forward again then enter the living room with a white sofa.
Exit the closet and turn left, then walk around the bedroom heading to the bathroom in the corner. Enter and go through the bathroom to the door in front of the toilet.
hung on the white wall, behind the sofa
The telephone is in a toilet on the first floor.
Move down the stairs, turn left, wait in the kitchen area.
next to a plant, next to a treadmill
Walk out of the room walk into the bathroom on the left and wait there.
Take a left just before the rug, into the bedroom. Take a right at the bed. Take another right into a small room and wait there.
This carbinet is in the bathroom.
There is a stove above the drawer and a carpet below the drawer.
The sink is near a white closetool and near a tall brown cabinet.
Walk into the the open door to the inside. Walk through the room passed the tables and into the  door between to two white tables labeled "restroom." Walk into the right hands bathroom and and stop near the doorway.
on the left of the printer,in front of a cream and on the right of the computer
step outside of the room and go left. take a left before the sink. go towards the by window and stop before the bar.
Walk straight out of the room. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait there.
Go straight. Pass the chairs and the #1 on the left. Turn right after you pass the stairs and go into the room on the right. Turn right and wait in the closet.
Exit dining room into hall and turn left to bedroom. Stop in front of bed.
Go past the tables. Stop at the open door.
Walk into the building and to the left of the glass coffee table. Walk down the hall and left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower.
Turn left and walk forward until you reach the stairs. Walk all the way down the stairs. At the bottom turn left and enter the single door to your left stopping in the doorway facing into the bedroom.
Enter the bedroom, enter the bathroom, wait at the toilet.
in fornt of a shelf, next to a table
The pen is in a small office.
Walk forward away from the gym room Turn right at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway of the first room on your right.
Continue up the stairs, take the left hallway into the bedroom. Stop and wait near the nightstand.
Walk through the sitting room past the picture of the mermaid.  Stop right after the open door.
Walk through open men's bathroom door. Walk past wood and glass room divider on left. Walk past metal wall sculpture on left. Walk to second door on the right. Wait at foot of massage bed in center of room.
Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk into the building and past the orange chairs. Walk through the glass door and stop on the third step from the bottom.
Walk through the doorway that leads to the stairs, turn left walking straight through to the right of the pool table. Stop directly at the last chair on your left.
Walk toward the steps and turn right. walk up the steps and down the hall toward the steps. Walk up the steps and stop at the top.
Go to the left of the wooden table, turn left into the doorway, turn left into the second doorway, take two steps in and the stop.
Go down the stairs and take a left. Go into the office on the left and take a left into he copier room. Stop in the copier room doorway.
Walk straight and go up the white stairs. At the top of the stairs take a left and stop outside the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom, go through the white double doors on the right, take a step in and stop.
Walk into foyer. Walk past mirror. Make left at column. Walk past office. Wait at bedroom door threshold.
Exit the nook and walk past the piano. Go up the steps and to the left. wait in the hallway at the bottom of the steps.
The sofa is on the right side of a small white sofa and near a stove.
Go upstairs to the bedroom that has the backgammon board inside of it.
Go past the ropes and go straight down the red carpet and past the stairs on your left. Go into the sitting room through the door on your right straight ahead and stop once you pass the doors.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Walk through the kitchen past the counter and table and leave through the door straight ahead. Wait on the other side of the door.
WALK OUT OF THE OPEN DOOR AND INTO THE HALLWAY, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT AND WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY TOWARDS THE KITCHEN, WALK THOUGH THE KITCHEN UNTIL YOU GET TO THE FAR WALL AND AN OPEN DOOR LEADING TO THE BUTLERS PANTRY, WALK INTO THE PANTRY TOWARDS THE SINK.
Walk forward turn left at the chairs, wait at the doorway.
Head toward the closet and turn left into the bathroom.  Go through the bathroom and stop in the bedroom doorway.
Exit bathroom to bedroom, turn left and walk towards desk.Turn left and walk into kitchen, Stop next to two black chairs.
Turn left and walk towards the large mirror. Once you reach the mirror, turn left and exit the room. Walk across the hallway past the water fountain and turn left into the next bathroom and stop.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Turn left and wait next to the small table with the plant on it.
Head toward the pool. Stop between the treadmill and the pool.
The pillows are set on a white and brown bed and underneath two skateboards.
Walk up the stairs, then turn right and wait in the foyer near the stairway.
on the left side of the room;
Walk down the hall along the banister rail on the upper floor of the home. Walk past the windows towards the mirror on the wall ahead. Turn and walk out through the door near the mirror. Walk into the bedroom and stop near the foot of the bed.
Turn around and walk into the room. Turn right and head towards the glass doors. Turn right and exit the room. Go down the hallway and enter the onto the wood floor. Go past the double doors on the right and then stop at the next door on the right.
Turn right and turn left and go into the bathroom. Stop in the hall near the stairs.
Walk down the hallway. Turn right, then turn right again to enter the room. Turn right once more and stop next to the wooden criss-crossed partition.
Walk up the stairwell to the next level. Turn the corner at the top and walk down the hall with pictures of surfers and beach scenes on the wall. Continue down the hall and turn the corner. Pass the bathroom and cabinets and walk through the door next to the bathroom into a bedroom with art on the walls and a small dresser in the corner near the bed.
walk forward then stop at the door.
Walk through the den past the Christmas trees and enter the dining room. Wait by the chair.
Walk toward the leather chair and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and turn left. Walk past the refrigerator and turn right and stop.
walk in between pool and three beds, turn right after the pool and walk through doorway, stop.
Go through the archway with the white windows, go passed the 4 pointed star on the floor and through the doorway, go into the bedroom towards the bed, make a slight right and stop at the intersection.
Turn left and walk down the hall, at the first door turn left and stop.
face the railing,turn left and walk down the hall, pass a closet on your right and stand in the doorway to a bedroom on your right.
Walk by the top of the stairs.  Turn left at the end of the hallway.  Go into the bedroom and stop before you get to the nightstand with the lamp on it.
TURN RIGHT SO THAT YOU ARE FACING A HALLWAY WITH A DINNING TABLE TO THE RIGHT, WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY AND TURN LEFT. WALK TO THE FIRST ROOM ON THE RIGHT, WALK INTO THE BEDROOM AN ORANGE STRIP ON THE WALLS.
Go stand next to the middle white column, on the same side as the piano.
Exit the room through the double doors and turn left. Enter the room across the hall to the far right. Make a slight right and wait in the doorway of the office.
Walk into the hallway and turn left into the office. Walk right past the bookshelves and into the bathroom. Turn left at the tub and stop in front of the shower.
Go straight and pass the stairs on the right then pass the fireplace on the left. After you pass the fireplace turn right. After you pass the black bench on the right turn right then and go into the room. Wait by the white sofa.
Walk across the room and through the door on the right. Wait outside on the walkway.
Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk through the door on the right and stop.
Walks straight and pass the fridge on the left. Go straight into the hallway and wait near the large vase.
walk to hallway on right. Follow hallway and stop in hallway with bathroom to the right.
The telephone is near a bedroom and a toilet.
Walk outside, past the rocking chairs and wait at the bottom of the steps.
Go straight across the room, pass the pool table and enter the hallway. Turn right at the hallway and then turn right and enter the bathroom.
Walk to the other end of the porch and stop near the railing.
Exit the room. Turn left and go straight into the room. Pass the bed then turn left. Wait at the bathroom entrance.
The printer is placed in the hall.
The desk is near a corridor and a toilet.
This bar has a gray trashcan and a big bar counter.
The post-it note is on the wall that is on the left side of the gate,above the document folder and the pen container.
There are lots of  chairs with the same size, shape and colour on its right  but  no chairs on its left.
Walk into hall, turn right and walk into bedroom. Stop at TV.
Go around the staircase, walking past the bar. Walk through the door, and stop just inside the door, looking at the pool with a bar on your right.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn left and wait near the entrance of that room.
Go straight by the bed and turn right. Go through the door and turn left to go down the siairs. Stop on the landing.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out, turn left and walk into the bedroom on the end. Once inside, walk to the right side of the bed and stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Turn around and go left through the hallway and left  into the first room, keeping going left through the living room and kitchen and stop in the front the bedroom in the hallway.
Turn to the right and then make a slight left turn past the chairs and table and then walk down the three steps and stop.
Walk straight out the doorway in front of you under the painting of angels. Once out walk to the right of the small table ahead to enter a hallway. Walk forward and stop once you reach the large bookshelf.
Walk past plant. Walk past lucite chairs. Walk past wood-framed window. Wait at wooden pallet table.
Go to the rail. Go to the bathroom door. Go to the hexagon table. Go to the dining table. Go to the dog painting.
in a small hall behind a wooden screen.
The loudspeaker box is placed in a tearoom.
Exit the bedroom and turn left and then take an immediate right turn. Walk straight ahead into the living area. Wait on the rug.
Enter house through big doorway, go straight through bedroom stop in hallway with 3 doors.
on the edge of the desk,on the right side of the computer, in front of two white machines and behind the limpid
The shutter is near a toilet.
Walk past the purple chairs and glass table. Walk straight past the red chair. Turn left and stop in front of the doorway.
Walk forward passing the table on the left and take a left at the walkway and head to the main entry door on the left. Step outside of the door and stand on the welcome mat.
Turn around and enter the small door to your left to enter the house. Once inside, walk all the way straight through the kitchen area. Once you reach the washer and dryer, turn right and stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
turn right down the hallway. then left into bedroom. then right into bathroom.
Go straight and by the chair, go into the left and stop inside the door.
The cabinet is placed below the sink next to two towels in the kitchen.
Walk out the bathroom and turn right, walking straight towards the staircase. Walk right till you reach the beginning of the staircase, and walk directly straight towards the set of doors to the right of the two gray chairs. Stop when you walk direclty through the doors.
Exit the bathroom.  Turn left and step into the closet.
With the bathroom to your left and the washing machine and dryer ahead of you and to your left, go though the door to the outside that's ahead of your and towards your right. After exiting the building, go to the left on the porch and down the four steps.
Leave the theater and go straight passing the counter, and moving in the direction of the stairs. Take the second left past the counter and stop in he doorway to the sink.
The towel is hung between the sink and the toilet.
The table is under the vase and next to the chair.
Turn right to exit the room. Turn right at the table to walk towards the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk out from the patio area into the home towards the kitchen area. Pass by the backside of the counter and bar stools and turn the corner to walk halfway down the flight of stairs.
The livingroom is on the first, next to the kitchen and next to the dining room.
Turn around and take a left at the couch. Take a right at the photos and take another right into the office that is next to the front door. Wait inside the office.
The drawer is in a toilet.
The towel is set near a shutter and in front of two white sinks.
Exit the bedroom to the hall. follow the hall straight when you pass the first set of doors go slight left to the room with the large table and chairs in it. Stop just before entering.
The switch is near a corridor and a bedroom.
It has a porcelain on it and a few chairs under it.
Exit the room through the open door.  Enter the room on the left and wait by the doorway.
Walk past the island and take a left into the bar area. Walk out of the bar toward the living room. Stop next to the breakfast bar.
Turn around and walk around the couches to get to the stairs. Walk up the first three stairs and wait at the landing.
Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait near the x-ray table.
Walk out of the hallway and make a left.  Then walk through the door to your left and walk into the bathroomand wait in front of the double sinks.
Exit the kitchen, walk down the stairs to the slight right, wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the room you are in and enter the larger room with the square mosaic on the floor.  Face the wall on your right and go through the doorway to the room on the left.  Walk to the bed and stop near the foot.
The screen is placed in the front desk.
Turn left, and pass the pool on your right. Keep walking forward, and then turn right towards the pool corner. Walk a bit, and turn left immediately. Stop in front of the big rectangular mirror.
Walk through the open door and go into the first room on your left.  Walk to the staircase on your right. Wait there.
The washing machine is set near a silvery sink and under the white cabinet.
Turn right and exit the room. Once you reach the stairs, turn right and walk towards the double wood doors. Once you reach the doors, turn right and enter the next room. Once inside, turn left and walk over to the sitting area. Stop once you reach the black and white square on the floor.
Walk forwards out of the hallway past the shelves on your right. In the hallway walk straight through the hall onto the landing overlooking the first floor. Take a left into the first room on your left on the landing into the television room, and top in the doorway on the inside of the room.
Go straight toward the couches. When you pass the piano turn left and go up the stairs on the left. Go up two steps then stop.
Walk down the sidewalk with the rocking chairs on your left, go inside the building, go straight and enter the bedroom and stop by rug on the ground.
Go to the other side of the library and stand on the red dot. Follow the blue dots.
Walk straight down the hallway past the three paintings (on the left) and the thermostat (on the right). Continue walking until you enter through the door and is being greeted by a picture of the French alps. Simply turn left at the picture and you have arrived at your destination.
The flowers are near a kitchen.
Walk through the dining area past the table and couch. Walk through the open glass pane door on the other end. Continue under the stairwell and turn around the stairs to the left and walk into the open door on the other side. Walk into the room which has large glass windows and couch areas.
next to a picture, in front of a mirror
Exit the bathroom into the living room. Continue up the spiral staircase and stop three-quarters of the way up the staircase.
The vase is near a towel and in front of a big mirror.
Exit living, pass the dinning table and make a right door, stop at bar area door.
Walk away from the hammock, turn right, and walk under the sign that says host. Continue straight. Stop between the middle two columns bordering the meeting room to the right of the long wooden table with just a plant on it.
Go inside and turn left when you're able to. Walk past the foot two separate flights of fives steps on your left. Then wait near a round table with eight chairs around it.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Stop in front of the tub.
Walk forward with the pool on your right. Walk into the house through the door ahead of you on the left. In the house take a left and turn down the first right and stop next to the plants.
Walk into the room and turn left. Walk right past the staircase and into the hall to the right of the chair. Walk straight ahead into the large room and stop next to the rug.
Stand with the shelves on your right and walk out of the room.  Turn right and take a few steps and then turn right again into the laundry room.  Stop in front of the washer and dryer.
Head through the doorway into the small hallway and turn left toward the stairs.  Go past the stairs and toward the bathroom.  Turn right into the bedroom and stop at the side of the bed.
The painting is in the first row and the third column of the six paintings and above a red and brown chair.
Take a right after the bed. Take a left and wait in the doorway.
Go through the kitchen then turn left. Pass the round table and hairs. Go down the steps and wait near the white chair on the left.
This area has two  white desks and lots of red chairs.
Leave the conference room and take a left. Take another left. Stop before you reach the stone wall.
There is a sink above the cabinet and two towels next to the cabinets.
Turn right into the office, make a right again between the bookshelves and then a quick left. Turn into the second doorway on the left. Stop and wait near the toilet.
Turn around until you are facing the other house, then walk across the deck, go through open door, take few steps, then stop on the rug.
Exit the room through the door to the right of the fireplace. Walk through the hallway, then veer right and continue to the nearest end of the table to your right.
The table is placed in a dining room with wood floor.
The table is in a rest area.
Turn around and exit the closet, go through the door to the right and into the hall. Turn left and go in the large entry. Stop on the rug.
there is a bedroom in opposite
Go out of the room using the second door on the left then go straight until you pass a table and chairs on the right. Turn left and go into that room. Wait by the sink.
go straight ahead into the room, turn left, go slightly right between two tables, go past the stairs to the right.
Go past the exit and continue past the large chairs. Stop in front of the table with glass chairs.
There is a porcelain to the right of it, and a wooden table under it.
walk straight into door on the left, continue into bathroom straight stop at set of 4 lockers on your right.
The area is connected with a kitchen and across from a toilet.
Walk towards the pool and take a left on the path. Stop in front of the door to the dining room.
there are 3 same kind of wine racks next to it but this one is next to a glass door on the left.
on the left side of the chair and counter,in front of a door,on the rigth of the billboard
Walk past the barber chair and turn left. Stop in front of the plants.
Turn around and walk by the table and chairs. Take a left and wait by the pool.
Walk out of the office.  Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left at the first intersection and stop.
This area has lots of red benches.
the washroom is near a corridor and a living room.
The dining room is on the third floor, next to the balcony and kitchen.
faced with an empty space;
Walk past the TV and take the first right. Stop a couple of feet after going through the doorway.
The vase is in a toilet.
Walk across the dining room and wait outside on the patio.
The picture is near a study.
Make a left into the room in front of the staircase. In the garage, make a right into the fitness roo.
The bench is placed against the wall below the picture.
The clock is settled in a study.
Go left around the corner to make a U turn and go into the small bathroom.
Exit bathroom and make a left, head forward then make a right to enter bedroom, wait at door.
Turn left and walk past the stairs heading down the hallway.  Then enter the bathroom on your right. Wait by the sink.
the corridor is on the first floor and near a living room.
Go through the library and pass through the large arched doorway.Turn right and move towards the stairs. turn to the right at the foot of the stairs and pass through the door into the home office. Wait there.
Leave the bathroom and go down the hall on the left. Stop next to the the brown door across from the lounge chairs in the pool.
picture is hanging on the living room wall
walk past the fireplace, to through the doorway to the left of the lounger chair, walk past the table on the left and stop in the doorway on the right next to the door to outside.
Go to the front of the washing machine. Go through the doorway in front of the washing machine. Turn left at the window. Go straight until the pantry is on your left and stop in front of the pantry.
Turn left and go between the stairs and the wall. After a few steps turn left again towards the living room. Enter the living room.  Turn right and go between the breakfast table and the wall.
Walk down the hallway and turn right. Walk into the room at the end of the hallway and stop in front of the rug.
Walk straight ahead past the reg rug. Walk up the marble stairs. Stand between the two sets of red stairs.
Turn around and walk up the remaining steps. Walk down the hall and through the open door of the bedroom with blue painted walls and ceiling fan.
Hang on the wall, over the toilet
The books are put on the shelf which is in front of a table in a study.
Exit the bedroom and walk across the hall to the bedroom on the right. Continue through the bedroom and wait at the balcony.
Behind the sofa is balcony and the bedroom is near the sofa.
Go to your right and walk passed the wall. Pass the sculpture and continue. Stop near the elevator.
Turn around and walk into the room on the left. Take a right and walk up two stairs. Wait in the doorway of the living room on the right after the bookshelf.
Keep walking forward towards the staircase on the right. Walk up the staircase, and stop at the fourth stairs.
Go inside past the long glass table and turn left through the doorway to the left of the table with the horse statue on it. Stop a couple of feet past the doorway.
After you leave the bedroom walk through the sitting area and to the sitting area with the grey carpet and wait.
Turn left. Wait at the top of the stairs on the left.
Exit the room through the doorway nearest you, and continue into the adjacent room, exiting the room via the exit to your left.
Exit the bathroom. Walk straight across the hall and into the mostly empty room. Stop next to the TV on the wall.
a narrow room with a narrow bed
Walk around the staircase, enter the hallway to the left of the bench, wait at the doorway.
face outside, turn left and walk down hallway towards two chairs, turn right to and walk in between fireplace and couch to the left, walk through arch towards the right after the plant and stop at the base of the stairs.
Pass the round table and chairs. Turn left when you get to the bar with chairs/stools. Walk straight until you get to a hallway on the right. Turn into that hallway and wait there.
The microwave oven is in a kitchen.
Go straight in between the couch and the coffee table. Walk past the blue chairs. Take a right down the hall, stop in the entry way.
Exit the bathroom, and make a right. Walk past the round table to the right. Walk past the floor-to-ceiling window to the left. Walk past the art easel on the left. Wait in the threshold of the open door.
The corner is between the living room and the toilet.
Walk into the building and past the bed. Walk next to the red bench and stop.
Take a left, and start walking towards the exit sign. Take a left, and walk through the first doorway on your right. Walk towards the middle of the room and stop.
Walk toward the kitchen counter in the direction of the wall-mounted TV. Walk up the stairs to your right and into the living area. To your left there will be a hallway. Walk into the hallway. There is a painting on the wall on your right. Stop in front of the painting.
Exit room, turn right and go up stairs. Turn left through the doorway and walk up the stairs. Wait at the foot of the curved steps.
Go straight and turn right. Head up the staircase. At the top of the staircase, stop.
Walk around couch to kitchen. Stop between dining table and kitchen counter.
Turn to the right, and walk down the sidewalk.  Go around the center of it and walk on the grass.  When you're just past the planter, you should stop and wait.
Exit and turn right towards the kitchen area. Walk passing the ceramic counter and turn left at the end of the table. Walk toward the small table with six white chairs and stop there.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Turn right again at the dinning room table and wait by the partition.
Go do pathway on the left, near the house, until you get to the first chair on the right with the blue pillow. Go behind the chair and ten stop.
Walk to the kitchen, it is out of this room and straight down the hall past the large ornately framed mirror to the right hand side.
Walk towards the stairs ad take a right to go up the stairs. Go straight into the kitchen. In the kitchen stop next to the cabinet under the counter with the colorful dishes.
Turn around and head toward the front doors, take a right to the see stairs on your right, head up the stairs and enter the first room, stop once you are through the washroom doorway.
Walk forward and take a right. Enter the hallway through the door on the right. Take the first left into a bedroom. Stop once you are in the bedroom.
Walk out of the room. Walk through the entryway and turn left. Walk behind the couch and chairs. Walk past the fireplace and turn right. Stop in the entryway.
Turn and walk through the door with the red plaque. Take an immediate right and walk through the open door. Walk towards the staircase and stop near the counter top.
Turn and walk up the stairs passed the welcome sign. Walk passed the armchairs towards the fireplace. Walk through the doorway near the armchairs and into the hallway with the wooden banisters.
Exit the dining room to the right, go through the archway with the exit sign and stop.
Exit the bedroom and walk down the hallway until you see two double doors on your right. Make a quick left and wait at the top of the stairs.
The chair is near a corridor and a living room.
The dining is next to a kitchen on the first floor and there is a road outside.
Descend the stairs and go straight through the doorway.
After you leave the bathroom take a left in the hallway and go to the first doorway on the left. No wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
Exit the office and then exit the sitting area. Wait in the hallway between the two doorways.
Go indoors then turn right on the second opening and head straight past the table with the straw chairs. Go straight and wait by the grey couch.
Turn to the right.  Walk past the couch.  Go through the sliding door.  Wait by the table and chairs on the outside deck.
The area is opposite to the locker and the tea room,sharing a corridor to the exit and at a corner.
Walk down the stairs and take a right. Walk forward and enter the foyer through the second door on the left. Stop inside the doorway next to the door.
Walk through foyer. Make left mirror. Walk past wall sconce. Wait at dining room door threshold.
Go past the sink, and towards the stairway. Go up two stairs and wait.
The picture is in a big cabinet and is around by many books.
With the fireplace on your right, walk down the red carpet toward the two oval backed chairs.  When you get to the corner turn right and walk to the area where another red carpet intersects.  Stop in the middle of that red carpet.  There is a small square red carpet next to you there.
Exit the room, turn left and go down the hallway, turn right into the brown double doorway, take a step in and stop.
Go left, between the counter and the white doors. Keep going straight in that direction until you reach the stairs. Go up the first flight of stairs and stop at the first platform.
Go straight into the bedroom and turn right. Go through the next door and into the bathroom in the back right corner.
Turn until the two black couches that are facing each other are directly in front of you. Then go through the exit to the room that's on the opposite wall from you and that requires you to take three steps upwards and has a pair of pocket doors to allow the room to be closed off. After you've passed through the opening, stop.
The bed is near a toilet and a corridor.
Exit the bedroom, continue left passed the stairway. Turn left at the hall opening, continue forward, turn right into the bedroom, turn left at the first door, continue into the bathroom until you reach the end of the open door, then stop.
head indoors, turn left, walk to the open door ahead, then turn right and stop at the bathroom entrance.
The bookshelf is located in the bar.
face the black table and laptop, next to the window
Vase is in the living room.
Walk forward to the door, turn left, go down the stairs to the bottom, turn right, walk to the couch, turn left, walk down the hall to the first door on the right, wait in the doorway.
Walk forward into the living room. Walk behind the couch and take a right through the double doors. Enter the fitness room, and stop once you pass the doors.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the corridor when going upstairs and in the end of the corridor.
The mirror is near the washstand and the door.
There are blue quilts on the bed, The bed is between two lamps with two woody night table.
Leave the office and take a left. Take a right behind the couch in the living room. Stop before you pass the round rug on your left between the rug and curtain.
Walk past the island and turn right. Walk past the refrigerator into the hallway and stop.
Walk straight down the hallway in front of you. Turn right and stop at the stop of the stairs. Face the room and the stairs.
the bedroom is near a corridor and a living room.
Position yourself so that the railing is on your right and walk down the blue carpet and turn left at the first door.  Walk into the room with the square table and chairs and enter the room to the left.  Stop near the mirror after passing the pocket doors and entering the room.
Exit the bedroom, go to the bedroom directly across the hallway and just to the left of the stairs. Once you are in the bedroom make a left and then two quick rights and wait there.
With the stairs behind you, turn right and walk down the walkway with the railing on your right.  Stop in front of the second lamp on the other side of the windows to your left.
Turn to the right and walk into the house. Turn left and wait by the sink.
The study is next to the dining room and bathroom on the second floor.
Exit the bedroom. Turn left and walk into the bathroom. Stand in front of the sink.
Exit the pantry, walk past the stairs and stop in the bathroom doorway.
The office is on the first floor and next to the livingroom and stairs.
walk straight then enter the room, stop at the glass door.
Leave the laundry room and walk right.  Turn into the room on the right that is in front of the couch.  Stop after stepping into this office.
Head inside, turn right, walk forward into the bathroom, wait near the bathtub.
Go past the checkered couches and the black chairs with the dining room table. Pass the statue of a women and when you get to the colorful stairs turn right and wait by the office desk.
Turn to your left and walk forward out of the room past the bed. Take a right at the door and walk across the room to the opening. Stop at the entry and wait there.
on the table, behind the photo
there are many advertising board and shelves used for displaying the bath products;
Walk across room with grey carpet and enter room with red carpet. Stop in doorway.
Take a right, and then your first left down the hallway. Continue to walk down the hallway until you are about to talk in the room with the large red rug. Stop right in the middle of the double doors.
Walk down the hall past the photographs and into the room on the left. Stop by the bed.
next to the lamp, next to the phone
exit bathroom, walk through bedroom to hall, exit house onto patio.
The table is near a corridor.
Turn around and walk down the hallway and into the bathroom. Once in the bathroom,  enter the first door on your right and stop facing into the shower stall.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go into the second door on the right. Wait there.
Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk straight down the hall and stop by the set of double doors on the right.
on a table, facing a desk
Go past the kitchen and you will see six white chairs. Wait by the farthest white chair.
Face pool and turn right. Go straight through the open door. Turn right once indoors. Go through door way and stop beside door.
The mirror is near a empty room.
Turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk into the sauna and wait next to the towels.
Turn right at the bottom of the stairs and walk across the room.  The fireplace will be on your left as you pass.  Then, turn right and walk towards the billiards table.  Stop in front of the wooden door with horizontal slats that is by the billiards table.
Walk forward and take the first right then immediately take another right.
Walk towards the fireplace then turn right and proceed to the next room.  Turn right and the dining room and enter the hallway.  Wait near the phone.
Next to a shower room ,face a mirror
walk forward with the pool on your left. Enter the house and take a right. Go forward into the living room and stop in the living room doorway.
The vase is inside the toilet.
Turn around and go by the bar, turn right and go by the pool table and turn right at the brown chair and go through the entryway ahead and stop.
The table is by the wall with a telephone on it.
The dressing room is not very big ,opposite a median size mirror ,and the target is the one at the right hand.
Go straight passed the table and go in the door on the right. Stop in front of the Christmas Tree.
Head past the kitchen sink and refrigerator and stop in front of the washing and drying machines.
walk towards foot of bed, turn left, walk straight through doorway to exit bedroom, turn left and stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk across dinning room table and turn left into room with barber chair. Wait at chair.
Walk past the foot of the bed and exit the bedroom through the double doors ahead of you. Once out of the bedroom take a quick dogleg to the left and enter the large room with a chandelier ahead of you.
Walk around the two chairs to the right and step over the rope barrier. Walk down the hallway to the right and wait in the sitting room near the round table.
Leave the bathroom.  Walk across the bedroom and into the closet.
Walk up the stairs and turn left. Enter the bedroom and wait by the foot of the bed.
Turn around and go up the stairs. Stop at the top.
Enter the building through the sliding glass doors next to you and continue forward until you can climb the three steps to your left. Climb those steps and head to the opening to the left of the spiral staircase on your right. Stop just prior to reaching the curved door.
Walk up stairs. Walk past the round table to the left. Make a hard right after burgundy chair. Wait in threshold of open office door.
There is a mirror behind the light, and the plant is under the light.
Exit the bathroom then turn right. Go down passing the tv on the left. Wait near the table and chairs on the right.
Go along the table, through the archway, turn left through a pillared archway, and then turn left and go up a few steps and stop.
Walk in the direction of the large arm chairs. Walk behind the chairs and go up the right flight of stairs into the kitchen. Stop on the second stair.
Walk left out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk right past the front door and walk into the study. Stop in front of the desk.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and walk toward the table and chairs. Wait there.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Pass the kitchen bar with stools/chairs and continue going straight. Go out the glass sliding door to the balcony and wait there.
The painting is near a corridor and a toilet.
Exit the bathroom and walk towards the stairs.  Walk up and stop on the third stair.
Turn around and exit the room through the wood doors. Turn left and enter hallway. Turn into the first door on your left. Stop once you enter the room facing the sink on the back wall.
Standing outside the door and looking in, on its left is another same beach chair, there is a little round stool between two chair
Walk forward, between the two office desks until you reach the white sofa. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Go around the bed and stand in the doorway on the left.
Head straight and turn left and go through the double doors then turn right and right again. Then go into the hallway and turn left into the closet.
The table is in a big meeting room.
Turn left to exit the room through the double wooden doors.  Take a left and go down the steps.  Take the first left at the bottom of the stairs to go into the bedroom.  Walk up to the sink and stand in front of it.
under the vase, below the mirror
The flowers are in a transparent vase and on a transparent table surrounded by twelve transparents chairs.
at the right corner of the room
Walk towards the fireplace and turn slightly right. Walk forward to the window and turn right. Wait near the black leather seats.
Walk down stairs, make a left, walk forward to kitchen area, and wait.
next to the glass door, on the left of the picture
Head straight and pass the pool then go into the house using the large glass sliding door. Wait by the large black glass table with the grey chairs.
Exit the bathroom then turn left and wait by the fireplace on the left.
Turn around a the blackboard, make a left at the water fountain and head through the doorframe. Angle left and move straight, keeping the table with the white tablecloth on your left side. Make a slight right and walk straight, waiting at the bottom of the stairwell.
The desk is in the kitchen.
The bookcase is in a living room.
exit storage room to adjacent storage room, turn right into hall, continue slight right down hallway, at end of hall turn left entering kitchen, stop at counter on right.
The screen is set on a yellow table, near the stairs,next to a shelf.
turn around and go inside the doorway and then take a left and go to the next doorway then go straight until you are right under the next doorway.
There is a round table with a few bottles of wine near the chair and glass doors behind of it.
Enter the house and walk straight past the living room and staircase.  When you get to the dining room table, turn left.  Enter the room in front of you and stop in front of the table with the vases and open book on it.
Go up the stairs to the left, wait at the top of the stairs.
Step into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the hallway and wait in front of the door with 376 on it.
Turn left and walk past the bed and out the door to the left of the large white cabinet. Once out, turn left and walk down the hallway. Stop once you reach the small sitting room.
Walk up stairs.   When your reach the top turn right, and enter the bedroom to the right.  Wait here.
on the long sofa, among six sofas and second from left
There is a long cupboard and an induction cooker directly above it, and three ovens on the left
walk straight then enter the room, turn left.
Walk down hallway to large entry way, walk into right hand entry and stop at fireplace.
Head down the hallway. Pass two chairs and wait before you get to the three steps.
Walk towards the large bookshelf.  Turn right into the first doorway before the bookshelf.  Walk down the hallway to the sculpture and stop in front of the sculpture.
face a woody bed, set on a armoire
Go toward the Christmas tree and around the table, go a step passed the nativity scene and stop.
The stool is placed near the gate and the front desk.
Go straight passed the stoves on the right, at the fridge make a right and go through the two doorways and wait.
Head through the brown double doors and toward the single chair in the hallway.  Stop in the doorway straight ahead that had a bed with a quilt on it.
The telephone is next to a beige and brown lamp and near a blue and white bed.
Walk down the aisle with the wall to your left until you're at the front of the theater. Then turn right and go to the right side of the theater until you're at the base of the stairs in the aisle leading out of the theater.
Go towards the front door but before the front door make a left, then through the archway, go to the middle of the middle room and stop.
walk away from the couch through the double glass doors and to the left. Once in the room with white couches turn right to walk next to the couches towards the dining table. Stop right after you walk past the couches and chairs, before the circular table.
Exit the kitchen by turning left into the dining room. Wait there.
there is study next to the dinning room.
There are many different size sofas put in the living room which attached a big TV ,but without a balcony.
Go down the stairs. Stop on the last stair at the bottom of the stairwell.
walk by bannister then turn right, stop at top of stairs.
Leave the bathroom and turn right. Go down the hallway and stop in the office.
Go past the couches and then when you get to the table and chairs turn right and go straight until you pass the stairs on the right. Turn left and wait by the entrance.
With the sink behind you, walk through the door in front of you. Turn right, and walk to the double doors on your left. Go through those doors, walking up to the staircase.
Turn around and proceed down the hallway and walk out the front door. Stand next to the large rocks.
Walk out of the kitchen into the living room, turn right into the entryway, then wait in front of the wine area.
Turn right and walk towards the staircase, turn right in front of the fire place and walk down the hallway.  Wait near the brown bench.
Go into the room with the large blue rug and two round tables in the middle. Go stand outside the doorway to the left of the stairs.
Go up the stairs and take a right to continue up more stairs. Stop once you are the top of the second flight of stairs with a pink door in front of you.
Walk past the palm tree and into the building. Stop in front of the couch.
The wooden chair was pressed against the curtains, to the right of a bookshelf.
Walk across the bedroom and out the door, turning right. Walk past the stairs to wait in the doorway directly across from you.
Walk forward and then turn right to head down the hallway. Walk all the way to the end and turn into the last door on the left and stop.
The flower is placed between the sink and the toilet.
Turn left after the banister on the left and walk down three stairs. Wait there.
Walk through a door and through the exercise area, and out the door. Wait in the hallway.
Make a left past the dresser. Exit the bedroom and continue up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn slightly to the right to walk up the stairs. Once you are at the top of the stairs turn right to walk into the large room towards the long table and the large marble vase. Before you enter the area with the long table turn right to move between the marble vase and the faucet display. You should be moving through an arched passageway towards a gilt framed mirror. In the hallway that is to the left of the gilt mirror there is a closed door. The door is at the beginning of the hallway and is on the right side of the hallway. Move to stand directly in front of this door and stop.
Go down the stairs and take a right. Walk straight and go into the bedroom through the door between the two silver chairs. Stop in the doorway.
Go into the kitchen and go right down the hall. Go up the stet of stairs on the right and stop in the doorway.
Walk into the kitchen and take a right. Go out through the door on the left, and walk to the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the bottom.
Exit room through door, turn left. Walk into hallway and enter first room on right.
Walk past the refrigerator and turn right.  Walk straight until you enter a bedroom and stop upon entering the room.
Exit the room. Turn right and go into the room next door. Walk straight and stand hear the entrance of the other room.
Turn around and go left into the closet. Wait near the belts.
Turn around and exit the room. Walk all the way down the steps to the bottom and stop.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Wait just inside the laundry room that is on the left.
Walk forward into the hall and take a left. Take another left, and go around the stairs. Enter the room that is the second door on the left, and stop in the doorway.
Exit the bathroom toward the room then exit the room using the door on the right go straight until you enter another room then go right and stand at the doorway of the bathroom.
Pass the desk and when you see the green couch pass those too then go past the fireplace and turn slightly right and go into that hallway. Before the white vase with the flowers turn left and wait at the top of the stairs.
Turn right. Turn left after the television that is on the wall on the left. Stop and wait there.
Go up the stairs and take a left in the hallway. Go down the hall, and take a right into the bedroom before the stairs. Stop once you step on the carpet.
Turn to your left and proceed down the hallway past the stairs and enter the bedroom.  Wait by the bedroom door.
The bedroom is on its right side.
The lamp is in front of the dining room and next to the stairs.
Walk into the living room and stand next to the red ottoman.
there is a circle table and several chairs put close to it, the glass door is to the balcony
Walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom.
Go left down the hallway with the rug. Enter the first room on the right, walk over to the first set of doubles across the room.  Enter that room and wait.
Exit the kitchen area and to the left of the dining table, then go right around the circle table near the front sliding doors, then when you are near the white couch stop.
on the left side of the timeglass on the shell,above some books and under the displayer
Turn right and walk straight out the door into the hallway. Once in the hallway turn left and then walk forward. When the room opens up, walk right and stop facing the glass table.
The loudspeaker box is placed near a small conference  room and a big conference room.
Exit the room, turn right and go up the stairs, go along the wall and wait near the piano.
There are three drawers attached with the shoebox, and the bedroom is the one inside the relaxing area ,which is attached with a bathroom and work place.
Leave the salon and walk past the table. Go through the door straight across. Stop in the doorway.
TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU ARE FACING A PAINTING OF A HORSE WITH A HALLWAY AND STAIRCASE ON THE RIGHT, WALK TOWARDS THE STAIRCASE, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT SO THE STAIRS IS ON YOUR RIGHT WITH A DINNING TABLE IN FRONT OF YOU AND A PAINTING TO THE LEFT, WALK DOWN THOUGH THE DINING ROOM TO THE END OF THE DINNING TABLE, WALK INTO THE NEXT ROOM SO THERE IS A KITCHEN ON THE LEFT AND CHAIRS AND COUCH TO THE RIGHT.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. When you reach the fireplace, turn left. Wait next to the stairs and coat room.
Go right of the piano to the little hallway. Stop and wait when you're in the kitchen.
Go forward to the end of the pool and take a right. Keep going past the plant and doorway.
Exit the room through the left door.  Curve left, staying on tiled floor, and wait in the entrance to the next bathroom by the wood screen.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go through the door ahead and into the room with quilts on display. Exit the room through the door on the far left. Enter the empty room. Stop there.
Walk past the glass desk and into the doorway and turn left. Walk past the couch and step just outside and stop.
Walk passed the shower and into the room with washing machines. Walk through the door on the other side of the room. Walk through the open door that leads outside and stop near the doorway.
Walk straight past the potted plants. Stop by the small table and chairs.
Walk into the open area of the building with office on the perimeter. Walk towards the red lounge chair area. Turn the corner to the right near the red chair lounge area. Continue down the hall with glass partition walls and stop at the first intersecting hallway.
The massage bed is put in a small bedroom.
Turn left at the open doorway. Make another let and walk into the hall. Make another left and walk towards the stair rail. Go up a few stairs.
Walk down the hall. Stop in front of the doorway.
Walk toward the bedroom and turn right. Turn right and stop just inside the bathroom door.
The table is placed next to a black box with a bundle of black wire on it
Go into the door to the left then go into the door on the right and wait at the bathroom entrance.
The drawer is under the towel and brush.
The ornament is placed under a yellow table surrounded by for yellow chairs and next to shelf.
Turn around, down stairs, turn left, stop in kitchen, turn left into laundry room, stop at sink.
The book is set in the small and bright bedroom.
The guitar is in a bedroom.
in front of a picture, next to a sofa
Walk down the corridor till you reach the corner. Stop there next to the fire extinguisher and wait.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk forward and then right. Walk forward and wait in the room with the animal rug.
The bar connects with a gymnasium and has two chairs.
Facing the backyard, go left passed the white couch, turn left into the archway, turn right into the room, take a step in, and stop.
Exit the kitchen by veering left at the pillar, pass the dining table, then stay to the left and walk down the first set of stairs. Immediately turn left and walk to the stairs, then wait on the first stair on the left.
Leave office and turn left down hall. Stop in empty office down the hall.
Go down the hallway on the right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs on the left.
Turn around and walk down the hall.  Turn right at the dining room and walk past the table.  Turn left and enter the pantry and stop before the kitchen.
Walk past the painting and turn right. Walk toward the red painting and through the doorway to the left of it. Stop by the chair.
To take right and go.Then stop at opp side room.
Walk towards the couch and make a right to go up the steps. Go up the both sets of steps and go straight back to the kitchen and wait by the counter.
Leave the bedroom and walk left.  Continue walking down the hall until you pass two chairs, then go to the first room on the left.  Stop in the doorway.
Walk to the bed and turn right to exit the room. Walk to the front of the stairs and turn around. Go beside the chair to the left and stop in front of the bathroom.
Walk on the balcony area passed the two chairs. Walk through the doorway on the other side of the chairs and into the home. Walk around the bed and through the open entry that leads to the bathroom area. Stop in the hallway before the door to the bathroom.
Walk out of the shower room and leave the room. Go into the room directly connected to the previous room.
Walk past dining table to the staircase.  Walk up a few steps.  Wait here.
The toilet is in the bathroom of the bedroom.
Walk through the hallway, and out of the bedroom. Walk straight down the hall and take the first right into the kitchen through the first door on the right. Stop next to the pantry door.
Go to the statue on a pedestal. Go through the corner passageway.
Turn hard left and go down the hall towards the bedroom. Turn hard left and wait just before the bathroom.
next to the toilet and the cabinet
beside a wall with a decorative picture. beside an identical bed .below a wooden holder.
The books are settled in a study.
The shutter is near a towel and a table with two white sinks.
Walk through the doorway that is second from the right of the wall of family pictures. Continue forward towards the pictures of the two kids and then turn right and walk through the bedroom and then stop once you walk into the bathroom.
There is a television besides and some pillows on the recliner.
The chair is located in a bright balcony.
Go straight passed the stairs and turn into the bedroom on the left. Stop in the bathroom door in the back left.
Go straight and slightly right to go into the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait near the wardrobe.
The lamp is on the nightstand and near the bed.
over the shell,on the left of the black wall and behind a chair
Walk forward toward the staircase and take a left to the bar.  Head past the bar and exit the double doors.  Wait outside.
Turn left and walk to the glass case.  Turn left again and enter the next room.  Stop near the second set of chairs.
Walk slightly forward and take a left turn before the red chair at the table. Walk forward until you see a white cabinet to your right, and then take a slight right towards the two stone walls. Walk towards the stone walls and wait here.
The handdoor is close to the curtain, on the door.
Go straight. Pass the stairs on the right and go out the door. Turn left and continue straight toward the round table. Go up the stairs on the right. Go up two steps then wait.
The table is located in the bright dining room.
Go into the room on the left and pass the orange chairs then go down 3 steps and stop.
Go straight and turn left passed the fridge. Take the next right and go to where the stairs start.
The corner is between two bedrooms and connects with a gymnasium.
Exit bedroom into hall and turn left to another bedroom, make your way to the bathroom and stop.
Exit the waiting area, head down th hallway past the stairs towards the dining table.  Stop before entering this dining area.
walk away from the bed through the doorway to exit the bedroom, continue down the hallway to the left of the bathroom, pass the laundry room on your left, step onto the marble floor and stop.
The bowl is placed in a tearoom.
The drawer is in the kitchen on the first floor.
Find the open grey door and walk to the opening of the doorway.  Turn left and face the stairs leading up to the kitchen.  Go up the stairs and walk straight until you reach the opening of the kitchen counters.  Stop in the middle opening next to the counter on your right and left in line with the two bar stools.
walk straight across sitting room, stop between two plants.
Walk towards the wood tiling. Turn right past the table with the white cloth. Walk past the long, black bench. Turn right and go into the Bridal room. Stop in front of the first white chair.
Walk forward to the fireplace. Turn right and walk to the bottom of the stairs. Turn left and enter the next room. Turn right into the doorway. Stop in front of the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom, then exit the bedroom via the exit to the left. Veer to the left, bypassing the stairs leading downwards and go through the door opening. At the abstract painting, turn ninety degrees to the left and step into the bedroom.
Exit bath, to main hall. Turn 180 degrees and enter massage room slight left. stop at massage table.
Exit the dining room and wait at the exit door.
Walk down the hall past the double doors. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go to the corner of the fireplace and turn right. Head towards the closet to the left of the pool table and wait in front of it.
Make a left. Walk past the wall vent on the left. Make a right just after the bathroom. Make a right opposite the console table to the left. Wait at the threshold of the open door.
Turn left and walk towards the refrigerator, Turn left to walk past the refrigerator and keep walking past the long table. Stop right before you get to the stairs on your right.
Walk past the zebra painting towards the closed door.  Turn right.  Walk through the open door and stop inside the doorway.
Head inside and cross the room towards the stairs. Wait near the doorway to the left of the stairs.
Go between the statue and the large table. Go to the right of the counter and continue left to the fridge. Travel left along the counter until you reach the stove.
There's a pool on one side and an open kitchen on the other.
Make a sharp turn left around the bed and stop in front of the bathroom door.
Go out the door towards the adjustable chair, then towards the door by the decorative grasses.  Wait there.
Turn around and walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Wait in the doorway.
Walk past the table with the flowers and the bed out of the bedroom. Walk down the hall and stop in front of the railing.
Turn to the left, all around, and go past the blue couch.  Walk to the hallway and turn right.  Go into a room with the leopard painting on the wall.  Stand just inside the doorway and wait.
Desk is in living room.
Enter the building and walk past the kitchen sink. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom across from the washer and dryer and wait there.
There is a toilet, mirror and sink in the toilet.
Turn left in hall. Continue straight down hall and up steps. Wait at top of steps.
Exit the bedroom and turn right after leaving. Continue past the room that has the "Christmas" sign above it and continue to the door with the "Office" sign hanging to the left. Turn ninety degrees to the left and step onto the wooden floor stopping about midway between the carpet behind you and the fireplace in front of you and to the left.
Turn around and go through the left and go straight through passed the bed and stop in the doorway.
Walk passed the foot of the bed and out of the bedroom. Walk up the flight of stairs in the living room area to the top.
Go left down the hallway and up the stairs on the left. Go straight through the door and stop next to the washer.
Take first left through doorway, walk straight down red carpet, stop between the two large pillars on left side.
The kitchen is on the third floor, next to the balcony and facing the stairs.
Go down the stairs until you reach the bottom and are standing in front of a chair.  Take a few steps left of the chair and then turn right and walk forward on the tile floor.  Stop in front of a small painting with a light fixture that looks like three candles.
Leave the kitchen and walk through the dining room and kitchen. Go straight and exit the kitchen. take the second right and enter the laundry room. Stop in front of the machines.
The sofa is placed in a tiny and bright living on the first floor.
Walk straight through the living room and past the small dining table. Wait near the giraffe print bench seat.
turn left and walk across kitchen to dinning room. Turn slight left and enter living room. Stop at couch.
above a drawer, next to a bowl
The office is at the corner is at the corner of the three fork road and next to an empty office and opposite to the room 356.
Exit the laundry room and turn left toward the kitchen.  Turn left towards the couch and walk towards the couch.  Stop in the doorway next to the TV.
It lies in a bedroom which has two lamps in it.
Walk a bit forward, and turn right at the very first empty space between the benches. Keep walking forward passing the pole, and stop in front of the bench that have maroon cushions on them.
Leave the massage room and go left. Enter the door on the left of the room you were in. Stop in front of the large white device.
Go towards the desks and make an immediate left, go straight passed the desks on the right, go through the doorway on the right, down the stairs, and then make a right and wait near the entrance to the toilet.
Walk towards the staircase and at the bottom, turn right and walk to the front door.  Go through the door and step outside.
Turn left and walk past the television and two couches, look behind the second couch on the right.
next to the kitchen, next to the sofa, on the right of the main entrance
Pass the knights on the left and continue down the wooden stairs. Turn to the left and enter the doorway. Wait near the glass coffee table.
exit bedroom, turn left, enter bedroom on right.
It faces the projector and a black desk.
Walk forward past the lounge chairs. Walk past the table into the doorway and stop.
Go straight and turn left to head down the hallway. Head passed the stairs and turn right to pass the table. Stop near the white couch.
Exit the door and turn left to the very first room. Walk inside the room and stop there.
Walk to the right, around the fireplace, through the doorway and turn right. Wait in the hallway by the pocket door.
The fireplace is in the wall and to the right of the lamp.
The flower is in the vase. The vase is next to the sink.
The bed is beside the window and lamp.
Leave the bathroom and take a left. Take the first left into the bedroom. Walk forward into the bathroom. Stop in the bathroom doorway.
Finish going up the stairs then go left into the hallway and wait there.
Go straight and stop before the staircase.
After you walk into the building make a slight left past the benches, and wait in front of the water fountain in the hallway of the restrooms.
Start with the elevators to your back, turn left and walk to the open door in the right corner of the room.  Walk through the doorway and directly across the hallway leading into a room with two white lounge beds.  Take a few steps into the room and stop on the tile.  You should be a few feet from the first lounge bed.
Leave the room and wait in the hall, outside the door.
the washroom is opposite the door of the changing room;
Go up the three steps on the left. Turn left and go down the stairs. Turn right. Turn right again and wait near the vanity table with the fancy chair.
Go to your right and follow the wall. Go passed the couch and the ledge. Turn right and enter the door on the right. Stop in front of the washing machine.
Leave the bathroom and take a right. Take a left and go down the hall. Take a right at the end of the hall. Stop next to the main door before you exit.
The toilet is near a corridor.
Exit room through the doorway on the right. Turn left and walk down the hall. Turn right past the red striped chair and go up the stairs.
The bush is in the dining room.
Turn right and walk up the stairs to the first landing then turn left and walk up the second set of stairs.  Then turn left again and stand near Marilyn.
Walk through the room and past the railing and turn left. Walk through the double doorway and stop.
The cabinet is placed in the hall.
Exit the bedroom and wait in the bathroom doorway.
Exit the bathroom, and then exit the laundry room, and finally turn left to stand on the threshold of the door leading outside.
There is a water-tap above the sink and some fruit next to the sink.
facing a lamp, next to a table
Turn left and exit the room. Turn right and walk across the hallway. Exit the hallway by the farthest leftmost doorway. Wait by the mirror just outside the bedroom.
It hangs on a small washing room.
Enter main room, turn slight right and walk towards couch. stop at edge of stairs.
The switch is near a green painting and opposite to a white cabinet.
Exit the laundry room through the door on your right into the kitchen. There is a doorway to the right of the kitchen that you'll need to go through into the dinning area. Go left from the doorway past the dinning area into the living room with burgundy couches.
Walk out of the bedroom. Walk across the hall into the kitchen. Turn right and stop by the sink.
Walk through the empty bedroom into the open door ahead that leads to a concrete floored hallway. Walk around the corner and towards the open double doors ahead. Keeping walking down the hall passed the open doors and stop in the hallway near the wall vent.
The chair is set in a big and bright living room.
Walk through the two open wooden doors and turn right. Then take the first right into a hall. Stop in front of the mirror on the wall.
they are in a dining room on the second floor.
Walk past the oven and the sink. Turn left and walk into the dining room. Stop in front of the dining room table.
Go down the stairs and enter the room on the right of the chair across from the stairs. In the bedroom take a right into the bathroom. In the bathroom Stop once you enter the bathroom.
Walk out of the door with the large clock on your left.  Go down the hall to the stairs,  Stop a couple of steps down and wait.
walk out of bathroom, turn right walk past tv, continue past dining table, and stop right past the table.
Turn right and walk across the kitchen area. Walk towards the white sofas in the living room. Stay around the white sofa close to the right wall.
Walk through the living room, past the couch. Take a hard right and enter the first room. Wait near the bed.
on the third row of a shelf placed a display,on the right side of the display and under a black ornament
Walk past closets. Walk past bathroom. Make left out open glass door. Wait at black plug.
Vase in the balcony
The cabinet is located in the cloakroom.
Walk up the steps, through the dining room and kitchen and wait across the hall, next to the wine.
The drawer is placed behind the recliner and the table in the room.
Walk ahead and turn left at hall table. Walk over the dining room and turn right. Stop at front of half bathroom.
Locate the bookshelf. Enter the door that is located on the same wall as the bookshelf. Turn right and travel past the elephant photo, and go left into the next room with a couch. Stop at the bowl of apples.
Exit through the doorway into the hall with a long floor rug and banister railings along the staircase. Walk around the front of the stairwell leading downstairs. Turn the corner around the banister railing and walk into the open door that leads into a large open room with chairs along the wall.
on the wall, near two massage beds
Walk upstairs and to the right. Wait at the end of the walkway.
The photo is near a corridor and a toilet.
Walk out of the under stairs, and take a right. Enter the bathroom throuhg the door second on the right. Stop once you are past the door.
Walk to the left side of the porch. Stop on the left side of the coach next to the pillar.
There are two books on the table and two sofas near it.
Turn around and go through the entryway. Turn right and go down the stairs, then turn left and stop on the rug in the entryway.
The table is close to the bedroom and the balcony.
the dining room is near a living room and a stair .
The earphone is placed near a big conference room and a tearoom.
The picture is under another picture in a study.
Walk down the stairs and stop on the landing at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn right and exit the room. Turn left and then turn right and walk toward the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk down the hallway and take a left after passing the set of four framed photos.  Wait inside the two-bed bedroom.
Walk through the study area past the many bookshelves against the walls along the large table. Walk towards the stair well and turn around the end of the table towards the bookshelf on the opposite side of the room.
Walk though the large open room with the round tables in the middle. Walk towards the stairwell and through the hallway to the right. Walk down the hall towards the large open room at the end with a red floor rug under a chandelier.
Exit the room through the double doors, cross the corridor, then continue into the bedroom at the far left. Stop and wait near the bed.
Turn around and turn right and continue straight and stop by the dining table.
The sofa is placed in the middle of a small room facing a white and big living room.
The TV is next to a door and in front of the stairs.
Enter large lobby, turn left and walk passed stairs going down at the right. Stop in archway at open door.
under the television, facing the table
set on a woody night table and next to a woody bed, near a window with blue curtain
Walk around the furniture passed the tv and stop in the doorway by the painting.
The box is placed near a conference room and the gate.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left. Turn right and walk toward the round table. Wait near the round table.
Turn around and walk down the hallway, taking the first left turn. Walk straight through the doorway and across the room. Turn left passed the white table and stop by the wicker chair.
Go to the oven. Turn left and go to the refrigerator.
There is a door and television next to the picture.
Exit the room out the door in front of you. Once out turn left and walk down the hallway to the left of the stairs. Turn right at the end of the hallway and enter the room with the desk and stop.
Stepping inside of the doorway of the bedroom turn right towards hallway making the first immediate right to exit. Stop just before the pool with the flower bush on the right side.
Go right to the hall and turn left. Go down the long hall and turn right until you reach the fireplace.
Go through the door an stand next to the bed the turn around and got straight down the hall and stand right outside the bathroom.
Turn around and walk straight. Wait by the sink that is on the left, to the left of the two chairs on the right.
on a white cupboard, face the door of the bathroom
Leave the closet and take a right. Go through the second door on the right. Step into the closet and stop once inside.
Go up the stairs and stop in the bathroom.
The restroom is at the left rear corner of the stairs.
Walk forward down the hallway, past the double doors on the right. Continue forward and wait at the top of the first set of stairs.
There is a vase on it and there are two sofas next to it
This area has a large wardrobe and a large locker.
There is a box and a few flowers on it.
the corridor links a living room and a stair and a storage room.
Walk through the living room to the patio, wait at the welcome mat in the doorway to the patio.
The table is on the opposite side of a narrow empty room.
Go between the red chairs in the center of the chamber, make a right before the stage, go straight passed the marble pillar and then go into the right far corner of the room and stop.
behind the front desk;
Turn around 90 degrees. Exit out of the bathroom through the doorway. Turn right at the water fountain in the first entryway to the right. Pass to the left of the marble table. Head towards the base of the stair case. Stop just before you reach the bottom of the staircase.
Turn around and walk to the right of the pool onto the sidewalk. Walk to the door on the left and stop.
Walk across patio to entry way. Stop at double doors going in.
The chair is set in the livingroom.
Go down the hallway and go in the bedroom the end. Wait next to the bed.
Walk toward the entranceway of the room.  Step out of the room and into the next.
Walk out of the kitchen near the pie plates. Turn into the hall before the stairs, and go into the first door, looking in the doorway of the restroom.
Doorhand is on the door, next to the button.
Turn around and take a left. Walk straight. Take a right and walk past the stairs and the fireplace. Keep walking straight and wait in the doorway of the room to the right of the hutch.
Walk towards the plants and turn right.  Keep walking straight and enter the room to the right of the framed artwork on the wall on your left.  Stop after you enter the room with the screens and sinks.
Turn around and walk to the end of the hallway. Once in the kitchen, turn left and walk all the way through the sitting room ahead. Walk out the door to the left to walk outside. Stop once you step onto the patio.
next to the glass door in a store selling bath products;
The mirror is set on a brown wooden carbinet, near a small red leather chair and behind a vase with some pink flowers.
The vase is placed on the table facing the balcony.
The book is set in the small bedroom.
behind the big sofa, facing the fireplace
Go straight and pass the bar with the stools and then continue going straight and wait by the stairs.
Walk straight past the painting of Einstein into the corridor.  Continue straight until you reach the bedroom door.  Wait here.
Go upstairs, go passed the stairs and table on your left, go left at the fridge, go into the doorway and stop.
Walk into the closet and turn left, then stop and wait by the poster on the wall.
Walk forward, and turn right towards the bathroom. Keep walking forward passing the sinks on your left. Walk all the way forward towards another room that has the glass chess drawers, and stop in front of that.
Go through the study area to the door on the right. Go through the door and into the bathroom.  Turn left and wait the entrance to the bedroom.
Walk downstairs. Wait beside brown leather chair.
Go out the door to the right of the grey chair. Turn right, when you get to the stairs go up 4 steps and wait there.
Walk forward into the hallway. Take a left at the double pine doors. Enter the dining room and Stop.
Walk away from the washing machine toward the sink and go through the doorway straight in front of you.  Turn left to go toward the kitchen.  Stop in front of the door that leads outside, right after the kitchen table.
exit room and walk through room, stop between doorways on right.
Cross the pink carpet and go through the first door on the left. Exit the building through the middle set of doors on the left and stop on the veranda halfway to the steps.
Go through the door and make a right and walk towards the stairs. Turn left at the stairs and make another left by the bench then make a right at the bench and wait by the doorway.
Leave the bathroom and walk down the hallway. Make a right turn after going through the door  Make another right into the kitchen and wait there in the doorway.
Walk right out of the bedroom and walk to the right of the railing and walk left out the door. Stop at the end of the bed.
The meeting room is between two meeting rooms,behind the stairway door and in front of the lobby.
Turn to the right, and walk through the open door into the bathroom.  Once in the bathroom proceed forward into the hallway, you'll walk past the black bathroom sink.  In the hallway turn left and walk all the way down to the end of the hallway where there is a flower vase on a table.  To your right will be open double doors leading to a bedroom.  Turn to the right and enter the bedroom.  Once in the bedroom walk to the white doors on the left of the room and stop there.
an empty space at the entrance of the room.
The closestool is in the corner of a large bathroom.
Exit closet, turn left and exit bathroom. Exit bedroom, and stop outside of the doorway.
cabinet above is the pool with appliances on the left and right
The plant is sei near a reading room and the hall.
The lamp is in the living room.
Walk straight and then after you exit the room turn left and use the door to go outside. Wait there.
Leave the bathroom.  Walk straight through the room with the mirror until you enter a room with a giant clock.  Stop in the doorway to the right of the clock.
Continue walking down the stairs and stay right. Hard right and head down the hallway. Enter the first door on right  into the powder room. End there.
Turn left and walk straight. Take a left at the mirror and wait by the hammock.
Walk next to the pool with the pool on your left hand side.  When you get to the bar with the sink in it, turn right and stop by the L-shaped table with the single wooden chair.
Walk forward to the red dot then stop.
Walk past buffet table. Make right at bench. Wait at exit sign.
Turn left and walk out of the room. Walk into the room that is straight ahead and wait in the entry way.
The tapestry is in a corridor.
The cabinet is in the number 361 small office.
There is a rectangular balcony, a washroom and a toilet in the bedroom.
Walk out of the room and past the island. Turn left and walk past the counter. Turn right and stop by the fireplace.
there is dining room outside the study
Walk past the ladder and turn right on the brick floor. Go through the arched opening and turn left. Walk to the foot of the bed and stop by the coffee table.
Exit the office and go down the hallway to the right. Turn right again.  Go down the hall and go into the open conference door on the left.
The mural is put on the wall in a bedroom.
Exit the bathroom and go towards a dining room.  Walk to the stairway. Wait in front of the stairway.
The chair is front of a glass door.
under a picture, next to two mirrors
Turn left and exit the room.  Walk through the dining room and stand at the edge of the kitchen.
Turn to the right, and then to the right again and walk down the hallway.  Go into a bigger area where there is an entry way.  Turn left and walk to the door.  Then wait.
near a door and a television, some photos inside
Exit the room through the open door. Walk past the table and the bathtub. Go through the double doors and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk up stairs. Make hard left at stair landing. Walk up stairs. Make hard right window. Walk past tub on right. Wait at threshold of open bedroom door.
Walk across the office and exit the wood door on the left. Once out turn right and walk forward towards the wooden doors. Turn left right before you reach the doors. Stop in the hallway right outside the first door to your right. You are still facing the hallway.
Turn right to enter doorway to dining room. Leave dining room by first opening on the right. Walk through kitchen. Walk past the kitchen island toward balcony. Stop in front of the closest chaise on the balcony.
A median size wardrobe is embedded in the cabinet in the dressing room which is placed close to the door to outdie.
Go through the archway opposite the chalk board, turn right and go passed the brown table and through the archway and take a step into the room and stop.
Walk straight and slightly right. Turn left and go into the hallway. Wait there.
With the large mirror to your right, walk down the hallway toward the large flower bouquet on the end table.  When you are close to the flowers, turn to the left slightly and walk to the area in front of the staircase.  Turn so the stairs are to your back, and walk forward entering the kitchen to the right of the black topped island.  Stop when you get to the corner of the island, beside the painting of a mountain and lake.
against a wall, next to a wardrobe
The stool is set under a yellow table and next to a box and a shelf.
The area is in a bedroom which is on the third floor
beside a brown cabinet; against a wall with two long paintings;
Walk straight across the room in front of you and out the doorway on the other side. Once out the doorway, stop facing the wood table with a black top.
There is a mirror next to the bed with a wooden window.
The painting is set near a black and round clock and near a brown and round table.
Go through living area, to stairs on the left, behind purple chairs. Go up stairs, then stop at the top of the stairway.
Walk past the table and chairs and turn left into the hallway. Turn right and stop just inside the bathroom door.
Turn around and walk towards the desk. At the desk turn left and walk in front of the couch and exit our the door to go outside. Stop once you step on on the deck.
Go into the hallway and take the first right turn. Go through the doorway and continue straight past the table and chairs. Stop just past the doorway in front of you.
Walk past stairs. Walk through open door. Make hard right. Wait at open door on right.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom. Take a left. When you get to the rug, take a left. Walk outside and wait just outside the door.
Go past the chairs and into the hallway turn left and wait there on the rug.
The power switch is in the laundry room.
Turn around and face the blue tub in the middle of the room.  Walk up the concrete steps and walk between the blue tub in the middle of the room, and the white tub on the right wall.  Continue forward and walk up the two remaining concrete steps and stop there next to the metal railing on the wall on the left.
Exit the kitchen and walk past the dining area. Walk up the stairs and wait on the first landing.
next to two sofas, in front of a mirror
The television is near a corridor and a living room.
The sink is before a big mirror and a brown bookcase.
Go up few steps in front of you and turn left. Go up those steps as well. At the top of these, turn right and continue up longer staircase. Wait at top of stairs.
The telephone is near the stairs and opposite the kitchen
The table is set in the bright livingroom.
Turn left and walk past the living room and go outside. Stop next to the outdoor kitchen.
Walk out of the bedroom through the open door into the hallway. Walk down the hall  passed the bathroom and laundry room .Walk through the wood double doors with glass panes and into the lounge area with couches. Stop near the sword mantle peice on the table.
Walk forward and take a left. Go through the first door on the left. Stop once you are in the dining room.
Turn around and walk to the middle of the dining room where it is open. Once you reach this area, enter the other side of the dining room to the left of the last column on the right. Once you pass the first table, stop.
The painting is set in a dining room.
Turn right and exit the bathroom. Exit the bedroom via the left door. Turn right and walk along the hallway. Wait by the first door to your right.
Turn around, walk down the hall and turn left to go into the bedroom.  Walk through the bedroom, into the bathroom, and then stop right by the mirror.
surrounded by three sofas,on the left of a glass wall
Walk through, and out of the dining room. take a right, and go down the hall. Take a right at the end of the hall, and enter the bedroom on the left. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Walk through the hallway passed the wall with candles. Walk into the next room along the wall with square glass panes. Walk through the open glass double doors. Walk passed the large empty planters and through the glass doors into the room with paintings and a vending machine.
There is a bedside lamp on the nightstand and a bed next to it
Walk past the couches and the fireplace. Wait near the black lamp on the right.
Walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway and straight without turning and straight into the dining room pass the large dining table and through the double doors into the pantry stopping inside the pantry doorway.
walk straight across room to hallway on slight left, go down a few steps and continue down hallway, turn left at 2nd door and then turn an immediate slight right into bedroom. stop in doorway.
Go towards the large doors that exit the lobby, crossing through the lobby.  Walk out the doors towards the wooden railing  Stop in the middle of the patio.
Travel straight past the two chairs and table on the left. Keep straight until you are at the base of the brick steps.
Walk down the hallway along the stairwell on your left. Take a left at the end of the hall, and  stop on the rug at the foot of the bed closest to the bathtub.
At the top of the stairs, take a left until you see a small set of stairs to your left. Take the stairs and continue down the hallway to the door at the end. Enter through the door into the bedroom.
The sofa is underneath a cloth with white hollowed-out pattern and two pillows, near a red and brown chair and a brown wooden table.
Turn to the right and then turn a little more to the right.  Go down the hallway.  Go towards the patio door, but then take a right into the living room.  Stop just behind the chair and wait.
a big hall with a big bathing pool;
Go down the stairs on the right. Stop at the base where the two stairways meet.
The clock is set near a painting and a brown and round table.
There are two chairs near the pool. The pool is next to another big pool.
turn around and go through the door where the bookcase is on your left. keep walking down the hall into another hallway on your left, go down the hallway. and stop when you see the mirror on your right handside and shelves on your left.
Turn to the left and follow stone path past the pool. Enter the house and wait by the door.
Walk straight and enter a large room. Pass the glass table with chairs on the left. Continue straight when you get to the hallway turn left and wait near the entrance of that room.
Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn right. Walk into the room and stop.
next to a bed and a white chair, on a white nightstand
Exit the bathroom and the bedroom. Turn right. Take a left and wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the left.
Walk down the stairs and turn right. Walk straight past the dining table on the right. Turn very slight left and walk towards the sink to wait there.
Go down the stairs and take a left.  Walk into the kitchen and stop on the left of the stove.
Turn left. Go through the door with the bed on your right. Take a left. Go down the hall. Cross the living room. Take your first right to enter the bedroom.
The book is set at a corner of the living room.
Go straight sticking to the right of the round table towards an open door. Wait before the first doorway.
Walk straight down the hallway and turn right. Stop in front of the doorway beside the stairs.
This  area  has  a  white  desk and lots of  red  chair.
go into the bedroom. then turn right and go into the hallway.
The table is located in a bright livingroom.
The painting is settled on a black wooden bookshelf, on the left side of a monochrome and below six paintings.
Turn around and go down the hall.  Go onto the blue rug, and then turn left.  Go to the top of the stairs.  Then go on past that and you'll find yourself in a hallway.  Stop there in the hallway.  Wait.
TV hangs on the wall of the living room
The area is next to the staircase and the laundry.
There is a wall with three doorways. Go stand next to the shelf between the two doorways farthest from you.
Walk past the table and chairs. Turn right and walk into the large room with wood floors. Walk past the couch and turn right by the dining room table and chairs. Stop by the dining room table and chairs.
Go down the stairs. Turn left and go straight until you get to a set of table and chairs on the right and the fireplace on the left. Wait there.
The hand door was on the wooden door, next to the toilet.
Walk down the hall into the large room and turn right. Walk through the center double doors past the table and stop.
The cabinet is near a toilet and a dining room.
The table is placed in front of the sofa in the living room.
Step forward, turn left, move forward, then stop under the red exit sign.
Enter between the curtains and through the large wooden door. Walk across the room in front of the chaise. Continue past the bed on the right and go through the middle door. Continue down the hall and wait in front of the rail.
The glass is placed in a big conference room.
There is a small wooden cabinet put close to the glass door ,and the white bed is a big one under a big picture.
Go through the open door, make a right and wait near the sink.
This area has a large cabinet and a wide bar counter.
walk down stairs, turn right, walk down stairs, turn right and walk down rest of stairs go straight past tree through doorway, slight right between two red chairs, slight left through doorway stop at the edge of carpet.
a recieption for this area;
the rest room is near a corridor which is near 2 bedrooms and a living room
The radio is placed in a tearoom.
Step forward, then turn left, walk straight until you reach the water dispenser.
The door is close to the bathroom and toilet.
TV is close to the balcony
The photo is set below a small colorful photo, on the right side of a yellow photo and near a black fitness equipment.
Go up the two steps and past the table and chairs. Go straight into the kitchen. Pass the kitchen then turn left. Turn right into the room and wait near the couch.
Go through the doorway into a hallway, veering to the right. Go into a bedroom with a geometric picture on the wall and wait looking into the bathroom.
Walk past the cloth table and toward the entryway to the outside. Stop in the entryway.
This area  is  located on the corner of the hall.
Walk through the hallway and walk left past the glass sculpture. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk by the stove and turn right. Stop in front of the double doors.
Walk away from the desk with the laptop on it. Stop next to the black chair on the far end of the long wooden table with a single plant on it.
With the long corridor behind you, there will be a door to your left and a double door in front of you. Go through the double door in front of you. Exit this room through the opening in the corner of the room that's ahead of you and to the right. After passing the bookcase on your left (which is also a concealed door that you just went through), turn ninety degrees to the left and enter the second toilet area to your left.
Exit the closet and go right when you exit that room into the hallway go left and go into the first room on the left. Wait on the red rug.
Walk down the stairs, and past the fireplace. Walk through the open door to the left of the floor lamp. Make a right at the dresser, and wait at the tub.
The glasses are near a balcony and a toilet.
The cap is set in the hall.
next to the TV and above the stove
Head toward staircase passing by dinning area, make a left, and wait at entrance.
Turn around and walk straight forwards towards the TV room. Once you reach the room, turn to your left and go up 2 stairs and stop.
Walk past the dining room table and chairs and stop next to the couch.
Turn left walk to the bar and stop at the top of the steps on the left.
face away from stairs, turn right, turn right and walk through doorway to bedroom, turn left and walk past the bed, turn left and enter bathroom and stop.
With the balcony to your rear, move forward past the bed on your left until you can exit the room into the bathroom via the first door on your right. Stop after entering the bathroom.
The lamp is placed in a big, bright and white living room.
Walk through the white swinging doorway across form the sitting area. Take a right into the bedroom. Stop next to the blue wicker chair at the foot of the bed.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Then move forward, through the bathroom, and stop just prior to stepping on the carpet.
Go past the couch, and go up the first part of the stairs. Take a left and enter the bedroom at the landing. Stop in the bedroom.
Pass the grand piano and go into the room next to it then wait by the bar with the chair stools.
The vase is placed on the table against the wall.
The table is in the lounge.
Go to the doorway of the bathroom at the end of the hall and wait there.
Exit the kitchen and wait near the wet bar, near the entrance to the hallway.
There is a big book put on the desk, and a single sofa is next to it
Walk down the walkway towards the pool and turn right. Stop on the walkway near the door.
Exit the room to the right of the TV and go down the hall. Turn left and walk towards the bathroom. Turn right and wait in the entrance to the bedroom.
The chair is on the right side of a tall wooden carbinet and behind a round wooden table.
Go straight toward the couches in the patio. Go into the house and wait near the circular couches.
Turn around and walk through the living room past the stairs.  Stand near the doorway to the office.
facing the washroom and second from left, on the carpet, around the table
on the floor, next to the sofa, next to the window
Walk inside and turn left immediately. Keep walking straight towards the room in front of you. Enter inside, and stop at the door.
The poster is placed on the opposite of the wall next to the door.
The hand door is close to the bed and the lamp.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk to the top of the stairs. Walk to the second step from the top and stop.
Walk along the stairway upstairs with the stairway on your left. Past the picture of the waterfall scene on your right.Continue down the pathway with the stairway to your left. Do not go down the stairs. Instead, enter into the room to the left with the round foot rest, two sitting chairs and a white loveseat sofa. Stop once you enter the room.
in the middle of a metal cabin and the racks for roll papers; near a sink below a mirror;
on the right of a picture, facing a long table
Walk out the doors and turn left. Walk down the hall and turn right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk past the stairs and wait in the office, across from the dining area.
Exit the closet and turn right.  Then exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk into the art room and stand near the chair.
The sofa is located in a bright livingroom.
The area is next to the staircase and the corridor.
Walk through the door on your left, past the big table and through the double doors.
Exit the room and turn left. Head up the stairs and down the hallway. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and wait by the dresser.
Walk out of the elevator and turn left. Walk to the bottom of the stairs and stop.
Walk into the garage and turn right. Walk into the doorway on the right and stop just inside the fitness room.
on the right side of the dustbin and in front of a white pillar and the glass wall
Walk into the kitchen and go left. Leave the kitchen and enter the foyer on your right. Take a left  and stop in the bathroom doorway on your right.
Go to the right side of the kitchen island. Go to the Stove. Go out the doorway nearest the stove. Go up the staircase four stairs.
The painting is hung on the wall of the bedroom
Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom then take a left in the hallway. Take a right at the end of the hall and wait in the entryway facing the front door.
Go between the couch and the counter, into the big archway, and then straight into the smaller archway, take a step in and then stop.
beside a drinking dispenser; below a wall lamp;
The book is set near a glass on a yellow table in front of a sofa.
between two chairs, near the decorations
Walk through the sitting area on the rug in front of the fireplace.  Go up the two stairs to the left of the fireplace and then stop.
Go to the tub Go to the rug Go to the couch Go to the thermostat Go to the electrical receptacle Go to the bed.
Walk until your in the next room. Make a right into the room on the right. Stop in front of the water heater.
The bathtub is near a bedroom.
there is a stair in the corner of the study room and there is a balcony outside the study room
Enter the black bordered hallway. Turn left and go down the hall. Go through the wooden double doors and wait at the entrance.
Walk towards the room with the television on the wall.  Stop when you reach the red carpet. Wait here.
Go down the staircase. Walk past the brown chair to the right and enter the room with the bed.
the rest room is in a big bedroom which is in the end of a corridor and near a open-balcony.
Go upstairs, go straight passed the couch on the right, make a slight left towards the fridge and wait near the fridge.
Go passed the bar and turn right and go through the archway. Go by the piano and stop.
Walk straight past the hot tubs.  Go through the doorway and turn to the right.  Then veer to the left and stop there.  Wait.
Exit shower to bedroom. turn right and enter living room. Stop at arching couch.
walk forward then turn left when you see a mirror then stop at the stairs.
The sink is near a bedroom.
Go through the double french doors and then turn right. Follow the runner through the hallway and turn left. Stand in front of the bathroom doorway and wait there.
The door is close to the sofa and chair.
Walk out of the room and take a left. In the hall take another left, and stop in the hall before you pass the air vent on the right.
Turn right and go right toward the stairs. Walk across the room through the middle entryway. Go straight until you reach the room with the chandelier.
Turn around and head passed the counter. Go towards the stairs and the checkerboard. Turn left and continue through the door. Stop near the bed.
Walk straight to open front door of house. Stop in entryway.
The cabinet is at the office's corner and on the right of the chair.
Exit the room, walk towards the exit and wait at the top of the staircases.
Turn left and then go slightly left and go into the room. Wait by the bathroom.
Go slightly left by the patterned chair and through the door way. Continue down the long hall.
the corridor links a bedroom ,a Laundry room and a living room.
The clock is in a big office.
Go into the room, turn left at the foot of the bed, and left again at the far side of the bed. Go to the doorway to the closet on the right and stop.
Turn right and go straight across the room towards the human statue. Walk through the doorway to the left of the statue and stop facing the platter painting.
Go through the door and turn right and then walk out the double door to your right. Wait right before the stairs between the two pillars.
Go through the door on the right and turn right and the go down the hall and through the door and go left towards the double doors that lead to the patio.
Walk straight ahead and through the small doorway into the hallway. Walk down the hallway and straight ahead into the room in front of you. Once inside turn right and stop beside the bookshelf facing the kitchen.
Go up stairs and turn right at horse painting and enter bedroom. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Wait by sink.
Head down the stairs and go to the right at the mirror. Stop and wait at the dining room door.
there is a kitch  behind it
The drawer is set under a table. Left to the drawer is a chair. There is a computer near the drawer.
Go straight and pass the couch on your left then continue going straight and pass the bed on your left. Go into the room on the right and wait by the first sink.
walk through doorway and turn left, go down hall and turn left, stop.
Walk straight through the doorway towards the painting and turn left. Wait by painting.
thereis a bedroom behind it
Walk down the hall and turn right just before the stairs. Stop in the doorway.
Walk through the opening to the right of the white flowers. Go past the kitchen and dining room and stop in the entrance to the living room.
The corridor is in front of a white and bright living room and behind a small dining room.
The bed is in the center of a large and bright bedroom on the second floor.
Go forward, take a slight and then go forward a little more, take a right, go forward, take a left then take a right.
Exit the bathroom and then turn right, passing by the door to your right, then the door to your left. Then enter the room at the end of the corridor through the double frosted glass and wooden doors.
The office is along the road to the exit and around the corner of a junction of three roads.
Walk towards the silver pillar and take a right. Go outside onto the patio and stop next to the first tree.
Exit the bedroom into the large family room. Turn left and walk halfway up the stairs, then wait.
The potted plant is put in a corner.
The trash can is close to the bathroom and living room.
Turn left and walk past the fireplace. Turn right into the door and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Walk down the stairs and turn right at the couch. Take a right into the middle room on the right. Wait in this room.
exit bathroom, turn right into bedroom. Walk straight into hallway. turn right  and walk straight to stairs., stop at stairs and bedroom doorway.
Walk past the dual ovens and refrigerator and continue forward.  Wait in front of the bedroom door.
Exit the laundry room and turn left, pass the bed to enter the bathroom and wait near the counter.
Turn around and exit the room.  Walk through the exercise room and exit to the right. continue down the hallway and stop at the divider.
Walk across the patio and through the doorway. Walk straight into the room. Pass between the two large white pillars ahead. Then stop right after passing by the pillars.
Facing the bed and with your back towards the bathroom, take an immediate right and walk out the door that's next to the gray chair. Outside the bathroom, walk past the open door (that's on the left) and continue through the hallway until you see a cross road. Take the left doorway and continue till you see stairs on the right hand side.
exit bedroom to main hall and turn right follow wood railings to the left turn left and walk in front of recliners  stop in front of door going into bedroom.
next to the bed and the curtains
The box is placed in the corridor.
on a wall, near a massage bed
The stairs is facing the kitchen, used to second floor up to third floor.
Walk inside past the two pillars.  In the room with the tables, walk left until you see the fireplace.  Go through the door to the right of the fireplace and stop when you are standing under the mounted deer head.
The lamp is in the bedroom.
Turn right exiting the room. Outside the room turn left and walk towards the staircase and wait there.
Exit the closet and go straight until you get to the large bathroom and wait by the toilet.
The corridor is on the second floor, has two stairs and some rooms beside it.
Walk through the front door to the home. Continue down the hall passed the chairs against the wall and turn the corner. Walk through the glass door. Walk through the bedroom and out the other door and into the hallway on the other side. Walk down the hall to the bathroom at the end.
Walk around the dining table and stop in front of the credenza furthest to the right.
The handbags are on the side of the room
There is a printer on the left of the cabinet, and a wash basin is in front of it.
Leave the kitchen area and turn right at the desk and chair.  Turn right again and walk out the front door.  Stop after you step off the mat.
Turn around and exit the door that leads to the stairs and elevators. Walk past the elevators and enter the room with the pool located just past the elevators. Wait just inside that room.
Exit the room and do a hard right. Continue down the hallway and stop beside the red chairs.
There is another circle table put next to the glass door and the single chair can be saw from the door.
Go around the table to your immediate left, heading to the doorway at the left of the room. Go through the doorway, turn right and stop just at the tile.
Exit the pool area by walking inside the house. Inside turn left and walk up the short stairs and wait.
The bed is set in a small bedroom.
The closestool is settled in a toilte.
Exit through the open door and make an immediate left. Enter the second room on your left, which is the bathroom and wait just inside the bathroom.
walk away from the piano, to the right of the wood door, down the hallway and into the bedroom on the right. turn left in the bedroom and walk towards the bathroom. stop once you made it onto the tile floor.
The chair is near a porch.
The chair is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
The monocycle is set in a corner and near a bookshelf.
Go toward and then behind the desks with the glass wall on the right.  Go past the book case and toward the long table.  Stop in between the two tables and near the post.
Walk straight towards the stairs. Pass the stairs and enter the bedroom. Stop inside the doorway in the bedroom.
Turn to the right and go out of the door.  Follow the path, go past the pool.  Go until you reach the door to go inside.  Wait there by the plants.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom on the first floor.
Walk down the hallway past the water cooler and lockers. Stop in the doorway past the lockers that enters into the lobby,.
Walk around the tub and go through the door at the end to the left.  Walk through the little room with the sink and cabinets and into the bedroom on the other side.  Stop just after entering the bedroom.
Walk across the hall and through the bedroom. Stop just inside the bathroom.
Walk past the bar with the chair/stools. Continue walking straight until you get to a grand piano on the right. Wait there.
Walk past the couch and through the entryway and turn right. Stop in front of the small trunk.
walk up steps and across deck, turn right and enter house, turn right and enter hallway, walk 3 steps and enter bedroom on the left. Stop before drawers.
Walk into the kitchen and turn left past the kitchen island. So under the arched doorway and stop outside the first doorway on the right, next to a small countryside painting on the wall.
Leave the office and head out into the hallway. In the hall go straight heading in the direction of the bathroom. In the hall take a right. stop in front of the nightstand.
Exit the room and turn left head toward the desk. Pass the desk and go out through the clear glass doors. Wait near the large vase with the grey stones and the large candles.
next to the green sofa, opposite to the yellow picture
Go froward through doorway. Turn right. Go forward. Turn left into dinning room. Stop at entrance to living room.
This is a very classic study.
The restaurant is opposite to the reception counter and next to the reading area.
Walk through the doorway second the left. Then walk straight the middle walkway, Turn left, and stop in front the the wooden stand.
This area  is located  on the corner  of  the hall and  has some  cabinets.
There are many clothes in the closet.
Turn around and walk into the house. Take a left and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall.
Proceed up the stairs, turn left and walk past the stairs, through the doorway into the office. Exit the office through the bookshelf passage on the left and wait by the mirror.
Enter the house, walk around the glass table to the glass door, wait at the glass door by the curtain on the left side.
Face the window and turn to the right. Walk straight down the hallway. When you come to the split in the walk way go right. Walk passed the stairs on the right and the pool table on the left.  A the end of the pool table enter the first bedroom on the left. Stop inside the doorway.
Exit the powder room then turn right and walk down the hall. Turn to your right and walk past the wine rack.
Move down the stairs and then turn left. Move forward and then immediately turn left into the living room. Continue forward and stop in front of the piano.
Turn left and go past the bar and out the large double doors. Wait outside.
Walk down the hall past the stairs to the end of the railing. Turn right and go stand in the doorway of the room at the end.
The vase is at the end of the corridor, next to the bedroom door.
The bed is located in the bright and small bedroom.
The power switch is placed on the wall facing the stairs.
Walk through the room passed the table. Walk through the barn door on the other side of the table into the hallway. Walk down the hall passed the bathroom. Turn the corner at the painting of a beach. Walk into the bedroom With arm chair and closet.
Stand in the doorway of the bathroom and walk straight ahead to the sitting area.  Walk past the chairs and bicycle and enter the bedroom.  Once in the bedroom turn right and walk into the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk towards the bed and go out the door on the right. Turn left and walk through the doorway. Wait near the side table with the lamps.
Go down the hallway and continue through the arches.l Go passed the table and to the right and then continue forward until you reach the back of the brown couch.
Turn around and go towards the door. Walk out the door and look to your right and stop.
The balcony is outside the bedroom, which is on the second floor, on the left of the corridor when go upstairs and in the end of the corridor.
There is a big mirror put  on the wall of dining room, and it attached with two glass door.
Go to the TV. Go to the door. Go to the light switch. Go to the paintings.
Walk past the TV. Make a right opposite the wall tapestry on the left. Exit the bedroom through the open door. Walk past the pool steps on the right. Make a right just after the column. Wait near the hedge on the right.
Turn to the left to face the balcony hallway. Walk down the hallway towards the horse painting at the end of the hall. Before you reach the end of the hall turn to the right towards the top of the stairs. Walk down the stairs to the first landing and turn to face the rest of the stairs leading down.
Walk in between the cabinets on your left and the kitchen island on your right until you reach the end of the row of cabinets. Walk into the next room, walk across the rug and past the white overstuffed chair, heading for the front door. Walk through the entryway, over the rug, slightly to the left, towards the umbrella stand by the front door. Take a couple more steps towards the living room.Stop when you get to the white chair.
facing the screen, on the first row of stairs, under the projector
walk past the foot of the bed towards the desk, turn down hallway on left, turn right to exit bedroom,  turn left and stop on marble floor.
Turn right and walk across the bathroom. Turn right again and walk towards the glass shelf. Wait there.
Exit the bedroom and enter a kitchen, head right exiting through the patio doors.
go down stairs, turn left at the bottom of the stairs, go straight, walk through the door way, turn left before the table, turn left into the kitchen, stop beside the refrigerator.
Exit the bathroom, walk across the bedroom and wait outside the bedroom door.
a tap and a sink are under the mirrors, and there is another mirror which attached with wooden frame installed next to it.
Go down the stairs. Enter the hall on the left. Wait beside the counter on the right.
The drawer is in a bedroom.
Go straight behind the table and and enter the doorway on the right. Turn around and go back into the room passed the flower painting and stop.
Go up the steps then turn slightly right and wait near the desk.
next to the table, next to the window, among three chairs and in middle of them
Walk toward the roped off seating area. Walk to the door behind the chairs on the right hand side of the roped off seating area. Walk through the door and to fireplace with a mirror above it.
Exit the room by the door to the left of the bed and enter the linen closet on the right hand wall just past the bathroom.
The power switch is placed between the stairs and the picture on the wall.
the balcony is near a stair ,a living room and a dining room
Go straight until you get into the room with the bed. Turn left and pass the bed. Wait in the office by the desk.
Go around the bed toward the bathroom.  Stop in the bathroom in front of the sink.
Walk up steps to living room turn left and walk to dining room, turn right again and stop next to painting and plant.
picture near the corridor connecting the gym
Walk through the open door into the next hallway and turn the corner to the left. Walk into the large room with aqua colored floor rugs. Walk around the front of the staircase and walk towards the open door way with a statue of a man on the shelf next to it.
Go outside and across the deck, and wait one step down.
Go straight behind couch to tv wall. Turn left and exit living room to hallway. stop in hallway at open doors to couch room.
Exit the bathroom using the door straight ahead then turn left and then turn right and wait by the glass table with fancy chairs.
Exit the bathroom and go left down the hallway. After reaching the end of the hallway turn right and go into the dining room.
Leave the closet and go into the hall. In the hall take a right into the bedroom and take a right in the bathroom. Stop next to the shower in the bathroom.
The desk is in a study.
Turn around and go toward the pool. Turn right in front of the pool and wait by the plants.
The meeting room is by the side of the vast reading area and behind the restaurant.
Exit the bathroom and turn right and walk into the living room. Then walk into the dinning room area and stop by the dinning room table.
Go through the open doorway straight ahead. Turn right. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Go left down the hallway, at the end of the hall turn right and then left into the first doorway on the left and stop.
next to the door, below the picture frames
Exit the closet and continue across the hallway. At the door, turn right and stop next to the desk.
Walk toward the fireplace and through the doorway to the right of it. Enter the bathroom area and stop outside the women's bathroom.
Walk in between the area of the red sofa couch which will be on your right and a aluminum office wall which be on your left. Walk up the flight of stairs and wait in the room.
over against the bathtub, next to the door
The curtain is near a kitchen.
The desk is near a living room.
The door handle is on the door, next to the bathtub.
Turn right and walk through the doorway. Walk across the room past the end table and turn left. Stop by the chair with the rounded arms.
There is a toilet on the opposite.
After you leave the sitting room walk through the dinning area and make left at the kitchen. Now go into the hallway and wait next to the glass door going outside.
Turn to the right.  Go outdoors.  Turn left and then you'll go to the edge of the entrance to the kitchen and living room.  Wait just outside of the doorway.
Exit the bathroom, exit the bedroom, turn right, exit the building, wait at the white pillar.
Turn to your left and go passed the guitar. Go into the hall and turn left. Continue through the archway and turn right. Stop near the table.
The painting is set above two black screens and a keyboard.
Leave the closet, and bedroom. take the first left in the hall, and go straight toward the green chairs. Enter the office, and stop before you reach the rug.
Turn left until you're facing the closet.  Walk to the open door.  Walk through the door, go down the hallway and take a left at the top of the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk back in keeping the blue couch to your right. Walk up to the door just past the stairs on your left.
The racket is placed in the hall.
Walk toward the stairs,turn left through the doorway and walk down the stairs to the storage room entry. Wait by the canvas drop cloth.
Go to the dresser and turn right. Go through the open door at the end of the hall on the left. Enter the room.
Turn left and enter the foyer area. Turn left and go up to the top of the stairs. Turn right at the top and stop beside the flower on the shelf.
Walk past the kitchen and sitting room and wait in the doorway to the wet bar.
Walk towards the dining room, wait inside the double doors on the left.
Walk up the steps and turn right. Walk into the second door on the right and stop.
Table in living room
From bathroom enter bedroom, turn right and exit, walk down steps. Stop at sink.
Go through the doorway and turn left heading past the dinning room table.  Turn left by the glass table and stop in front of the kitchen island.
a room within a shower room and a sink;
Enter the room. Turn right and then right again. Go into the bathroom and wait near the tub.
on the wooden table, next to the doll, under the window
There is a cupboard right under it. On its left side is a big cabinet.
White flowers are in it, and the vase is on the sink.
The stool is set in the spacious livingroom.
hung on the wall behind the open door; above a socket.
Walk down hallway and stop at the end.
Exit the kitchen  and enter the dining room. Walk into the office straight ahead and wait in the office that is next to the stairs.
Facing the chairs walk forward through the aisle in between the white chair and go right behind the chairs on the right and take a left heading into the reception room off the hallway stopping just inside the doorway in the reception room.
Exit the massage room, enter the room with the square pattern on the floor and make a left into the leftmost doorway, take a few steps into the other massage room and then stop.
Turn left, and walk forward, and enter the room next to the refrigerator. Walk and turn right towards the laundry room, and stop there.
Turn right, and go down the hall to the right. Turn into the doorway on the right.
Walk into the house toward the round table. Walk through the living room toward the patio door. Stop next to the couch on your left before you reach the patio windows.
Turn and go down the hallway towards the nook with the statue of the two dog.  Go through the doorway across from the statue. Head straight into the bathroom and stop in front of the counter.
The vase is in a dining room.
Walk past the bed to exit the bedroom and turn hard right. Stop in the bathroom by the shower.
Go straight then turn left into the second door. Go straight until you get to lockers and a water fountain.
walk away from door to outside, straight down hallway, turn left at fireplace, turn right and walk through double doors and stop.
Turn around away from stairs. Go forward and take first left. Go forward and go through doorway. Stop at doorway.
Go straight toward the stairs and up the stairs. Wait at three steps to the top.
Leave the room and make a right in the hallway then walk to the end of the hall. Make a left and wait at the beginning of the hall behind the red chair.
Leave the room and take a right. At the end of the hall take a left. Stop on the left of the first plaid recliner.
It connects the ground floor and the second floor.
walk away from bathroom straight past bed,turn left to walk past foot of bed stop at the wood barrier.
Cabinet is in the bedroom.
go up the stairs then turn left then walk straight down the hall and into the bedroom.
Walk toward the pool and then turn right, continue to walk forward, keeping the pool to your left until you are even with the head of the pool. Then stop.
To the left is a jar, a glass jar and two plants.
Go to the right past the chairs and through the wooden doors. Walk straight past the glass table and into the bedroom.
on a wall, near a washbasin
Walk in the direction of the pool. Enter the first door on the left of the pool. Stop behind the first chair at the end of the table.
The cabinet is set next to a gray and black bed and on the left side of a black and brown chair.
Facing the glass encasement go straight through the door you're facing, go straight through, keep going straight and take a couple steps onto the rug and stop.
It was installed in the toilet in the workshop
Walk down the hall past the fire extinguisher and stop just inside the door.
Go forward toward the dining table. Go up the stairs and take the first left. Stop outside of the bathroom.
Walk past the screen in the hallway and enter the room with the beauty chair. Turn to the right and stop in the doorway on the right. This enters into a room with two long benches and a glass case.
Enter the house through the front door and walk straight. After you reach the wooden dresser near the wall, turn right and walk down the stairs.  Next make a hard left, and walk until you reach the bathroom on your left.  Continue into the bathroom, and wait by the sink.
There is a yellow box on the right of sofa, and a carpet is under the sofa.
The storeroom is next to a bathroom and is facing a cloakroom.
Walk past the tub and turn right. Walk out of the door and to the right of the pool table. Turn right and stop in the doorway.
Turn around and leave the room. Walk down the hall to the stairs. Walk up both flights of stairs. Stop at the top on the landing.
Leave the room through the door on the left and go straight across to the bottom of the spiral staircase, then go to the door on the right underneath the staircase.
The sofa is near a corridor.
Walk down the hall and stop in front of the painting.
Go straight passed the stairs and passed the bar. Go to passed the dishwasher and stop in front of the tall white cabinets.
There are some books on the cabinet and a short desk next to it.
The bike is in front of the service desk and towards the food bar and the resting area.
Leave the TV room, and enter the dining room. Take a left, and walk to the white table. Stop in front of the table next to the chair on the left.
The door is in a bedroom.
The corridor is behind a white and bright living and is in front of a dining room.
Leave the bathroom and leave the bedroom. In the hallway take a right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs on the right.
Exit the room. Go straight until you get to a room with couches.Turn right to exit that room. Wait in the hallway.
below the TV,  across from the bed
You need to leave the kitchen and go into the dinning area. Once you are in the dinning area go right and through the doorway. Now make a left turn and walk to the bedroom on the right, go into the bedroom and make a left to go to the doorway at the end of the room. Go though the doorway and wait in the bathroom.
The fire hydrant is opposite to a big blue dustbin and a printer,on the right of a pillar and under a tube .
Walk to the potted plant. Make a right into the room with the sink and tub.
Walk around the couch and stop next to the tan support beam closest to the countertop and the wall candle.
Walk past the round table on the left. Walk through the open door on the right. Enter the open bedroom door. Walk past the foot of the bed on the right. Enter the bathroom. Wait at the towel warmer on the wall to the left.
exit bedroom to hallway, continue straight down hallway to stairs going up. Stop at base of stairs.
Walk straight. Pass the two chairs on the left. Wait before you get to the double glass doors and the plant.
There is another big sofa close to the target ,and two same tea tables are put in front of the white sofa,
Keep walking forward and enter the living room. Walk around the curved sofa, and turn right towards the gym room. Stop outside the gym door.
The mirror is next to the bathroom on the opposite of the bedroom door.
Enter the building and promptly turn left, pass the appliances and walk into the bedroom. Wait by the bed.
Walk out of the bedroom and make a right. Follow the railing and stop after passing the American flag.
The dining hall is next to the kitchen and the stairs.
Go straight into the room ahead and then wait near the two sinks.
Walk toward the fireplace and to the right of it. Walk into the doorway on the right and stop.
walk up the stairs, turn left to walk down hallway, walk through first doorway on left, stop at the foot of the bed.
on the table, beside the vase, behind a photo
Walk straight toward the fireplace. Go through the door to the left of the fireplace and stop.
Exit the bathroom, go straight through and exit the bedroom, go straight and go down a couple of steps and stop.
Go right down the hallway with all of the paintings and into the bedroom. Turn left next to the bed and stop once you reach the bathroom.
Stop in the doorway to the left of the stairs, next to the mirror with hats hanging on it.
Walk through the wine closet and through the tall open door on the other side ahead. Walk into the room with a wooden floor and past the round table surrounded by arm chairs. Continue past the table and through the open entryway ahead that leads to a door to the outside with decorative iron.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Pass the dining room table and turn left. Wait by the fridge.
Walk out of the room and to the right of the center table. Walk into the middle doorway and stop.
Turn to the right and exit out the small door to the far left. Once you exit, walk through the hallway and then through the bathroom. And stop in the doorway straight ahead.
With the bed on your right side, walk out of the bedroom through the open doorway. Continue walking straight past the paintings on your left. Walk past the bathroom (which should be on your right hand side) and continue forward till you see an open doorway in front of you and that'll be your destination.
Go straight through the living room past the pool table, entering the door a bit to the left leading into the bedroom. Go straight to the left corner and stop at the door.
You should leave the pool area and go past the chairs and couch that are in front of the far back door. When you get to the door go inside and make a left, you should now be by the kitchen and in front of a narrow doorway. Go through the doorway and into the doorway of the bedroom across the hall, stop in the bedroom doorway and wait.
The vase is near a kitchen on the first floor.
Exit office area, make a left and walk toward the bathroom and wait at entrance.
Go straight until you exit the room using the double doors ahead. Go straight and enter the hallway ahead. Turn left when you get to the chair and go into the second room on the right. Wait near the bed.
under the mirror, next to the toilet
The area is located in a bedroom which has a rectangular balcony, a washroom and a toilet, and the cloakroom is next to the washroom and toilet.
The chair is back against the windowsill ,on the right side of a chair and on the left side of two chairs and faces the gate.
on the wall, next to the door, among three pictures and first from left
Head slightly right and exit the exercise room. Turn right and walk into the living room. Turn left and walk around the couch and into the hallway. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Go to the door Go to the wall lights on the left Go to the light switch Go forward one metre Go to the seat on the right Go to the glass doors.
a long room within only one narrow bed and wooden floors;
Face the table and chairs, turn left, and walk down the walkway.  Stop at the last urn on the brick walkway.
the washroom is in the bedroom which is in the end of a coriidor that is near a another bedroom and rest room.
next to the washstand, under the photo
next to another three chairs with the same colour, state on its left,  opposite to five chairs with the same colour, state.
Exit the bedroom, and make a left.  Walk down the hall and take the first doorway on your left.  You will be in an empty room with brown carpet.  Stop in that doorway.
Go to the statue. Go to the bottom of the stairs. Enter the room on the left. Go to the first white chair.
Exit the room then turn right and head down the hallway then turn right into the room next door and wait by the entrance.
next to the washroom, on the carpet, facing the picture
next to a flower, above a drawer
Walk down the lobby and around the reception desk. Stop in the room next to the desk.
Walk straight across the room passed the small table. Enter the bedroom and turn right. Enter the bathroom stand in front of the sink and wait.
Walk across living room to entry way, turn right into bedroom. Walk across bedroom and enter bathroom, stop in front of the bathtub.
Walk down the hall past the bedroom and stand near the living room.  Wait near the end table.
With the bank of elevators to your left, move forward down the corridor, veering to the right as the corridor turns. Going through the double doors labeled "Ballroom Meeting Room".
Exit office, turn right. At exit sign turn right. Turn left at open door and wait next to long table and chairs.
Walk past the massage tables with the hanging liquid dispensing pans above. Walk through the open door on the other side of the room and into the open room with a square tile mosaic floor. Walk into the door on the other side of the mosaic to the right of the paintings. Walk passed the sink area and towards the small bed near the bathtub.
on the wall, in front of a curtain
Walk straight through to doorway on the other side of the room. Turn left and stop on the stairs near the table.
Exit the room using the door on the right then turn left. Pass the exit sign and continue straight to go into that office. Wait near the first desk.
Turn left and walk across large work room beside long table, turn left at 3rd chair, walk behind table and turn slight right down hall. stop next to green vase.
Go straight until you pass the large 1 on the left. then turn right and go into the room on the left. WAit near the sinks.
The picture is placed in the corner of a bright living room on the first floor.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right. Turn right again and exit the room using the double doors on the right. Wait near the bookshelf on the right.
Exit the room through the double doors and walk through the doorway to the right. Walk past the sitting area and enter the bathroom ahead. Wait near the bathroom sink.
Turn right and go to the bust Go to the desk Go to the barrel Go to the mat.
There is a dark color carpet placed on the ground beside the walland the color of big bed is white and purple.
Leave the bedroom, and go left. Go forward down the hall, and enter the room with the double glass and wood doors. Stop once you enter the room.
There are  four chairs with the same shape, size on  their  left and a picture opposite  to them.
The television is on the right side of a blue and white bed and above a brown guitar.
Walk to the right and towards the purple couch. Take a right and go up the stairs into the bedroom. Stop next to the bedroom door.
Walk past the bed and turn right. Wait in front of the closed door.
Walk straight across the room keeping the sliding door on the left. Turn left at the first kitchen island. Make the first right and wait in the bathroom.
Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway. Walk forward and enter the bedroom through the second door on the right. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
It was placed in the hallway between the open kitchen and the pool.
Exit the room through the archway on the right, walk past the dining room. Proceed through the next archway and promptly turn right. Wait by the  window.
The book is in a large office with the number 377.
Walk through the bedroom past the bed and closet and out through the open door on the other side. Walk into the hall and turn the corner down the hall. Walk into the next open room. Continue into the open double doors straight ahead with glass panes into a large room with a red floor rug.
right behind the corridor
Turn left and exit out the door to the right of the TV. Stop once you are in the room facing the tub and the windows.
The table is beside the window and the vase.
walk through sliding glass door between two white chairs to enter bedroom, turn left to walk past foot of bed, turn right after bed, past first doorway, walk towards second doorway on left towards bathroom and stop.
a big hall with a big sliding door.
Walk into the room with the white table. Turn left and walk past the table with chairs. Go left and stop in the doorway next to the table.
Turn to your left and go down the hallway on your right. Walking past the water dispense. Continue down that hallway until you hit a set of wooden doors with glass panes. Enter through those doors and wait right before the large column in the center.
The picture is placed above the chair next to the door.
The television is over a fireplace and under a light
Walk forward and turn left passing the staircase. Walk all the way forward passing all the picture frames on the right. Turn right towards the room in the corner, and stop there.
There is a brown cloth single sofa put nearby, and a big bookcase put front facing the balcony.
Facing the sink turn left, go passed the counter chairs, step onto the wood flooring next to the small circle table and stop.
Go left down the hallway. Wait to the right on the second step of the stairs.
Walk forward to presentation area, and wait.
The power switch is set in a corridor at the door of a house.
Turn left into the second door. Turn left into the closet and stop.
Leave the office and take a left. Go straight towards the table and take a left into the television room. In the television room stop in front of the love seat.
Turn around until you are facing the room with the piano. Go out first door on the left, make a left in the dining room, walk through dining room, towards den. Stop in front of the first blue den chair on the left.
Enter the bedroom and walk over to the closet.
Exit the bathroom, turn left , turn right, wait at the bedroom doorway.
The  chair is set at the  corner of the room and  close to the  wall.
Walk down the steps past the glass door and turn right. Walk past the sliding glass door and turn left. Stop by the dining room table and chairs.
Walk toward the cloth covered table and turn right. Walk right past the table into the hallway. Turn right and walk into the entryway of the bathroom and stop.
Go upstairs and to the left. Wait in the kitchen.
Exit the closet and laundry room, walk down the hall and stop in the kitchen near the dining table.
the corridor is near a living room and a washroom.
Turn left and pass the large table and chairs. Pass the tub and wait near the double doors.
Leave the bedroom. Go straight until you reach the foyer which is the second opening on your right. Step out of the large double wood doors, and stop on the rug outside.
Exit the bathroom, turn left and cross the room, turn left into the doorway, proceed to the left-hand door and wait there.
Exit the bathroom, turn left, walk through the kitchen, exit the building, wait at the welcome mat outside the door to the house.
Walk out of the room and through the kitchen. Walk left of the table and chairs. Walk up the steps and stop on the second step.
The air-conditioner is in the living room.
The sofa is in front of the chair. The recliner is next to the chair.
The man washroom has a door and a laundry basket.
The lamp is near a corridor on the second floor.
Exit the bathroom and turn left, to walk through the doorway. Then turn right to walk past a series of four framed pictures on the wall to your left. Turn right again and stop at the entrance to the room.
The chair is settled in the center of a large bedroom.
by side of a narrow hallway;
Go through the left archway and walk forward.  Stop at the middle archway.
Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once in the hallway, turn right and stop once you walk through the doorway.
Cross the bed and go to the hall. In the hall, turn left and continue. Stop at the stairs landing.
Walk toward the TV and make a left. Walk to the doorway past the three shelves.
Turn right and wait in front of the fire place on the right.
Turn around and walk straight into the bedroom. Go straight across the bedroom and then turn left and stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Exit the closet and turn left in the hall. Pass the bench and stop.
Go straight past the stairs then turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Turn left and go down the hall.  Go past the foot of the bed and veer left.  Go out of the door way and onto the terrace.  Stop when you finally get there and wait.
Walk forward down the hallway. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Stop once you pass the doors.
Go down the stairs and straight into the dining room. Just as you enter the dining room, turn right and enter the kitchen.
Go straight and through the white trimmed archway. Go into the kitchen, turn right to go out of the kitchen, turn left before the black table and go into the brown doorway.
Walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Wait in the doorway of the dining room.
This area has is a small room with a brown chair and a red carpet.
Go upstairs, turn left and up the second set of stairs at the end of the walkway. Cross the hall and wait in the bedroom through the door on the right.
Go up the stairs on the left. At the top of the stairs turn right and go sraight towards the other stairs. Stop in front of the spiral staircase.
Walk between the two tables and take a left. Walk between those two tables and turn right at the fireplace. Walk forward with the table to your right and go through the doors on the left. Wait near the stairs.
Walk parallel to the stairs and straight down the hallway.  When you get to the guitar, turn and go up the stairs, stopping on the second stair from the bottom.
There are many pictures on the wall of the living room.
Walk straight towards the stove and take a right, take your first left, walk past the long table and stop in fron the picture of a face.
walk past the bed and head out the door in front of you, go left and stop behind the couch.
Exit the nice closet and turn left.  Then enter the bedroom. Stand next to the nightstand.
The bedroom is surrounded by a balcony , a living room and a bathroom.
Turn slightly left and go into the bathroom. Wait by the weird looking toilet.
walk down the stairs then walk straight along the gallery frame then enter the room wait beside the door.
Proceed forward through the doorway that is to the right and towards the antechamber that leads to the hallway. Continue straight forwards through this antechamber and into the hallway with the tall and narrow windows. Turn left to walk down the hallway and pass the set of tall narrow windows. Proceed until you reach the area where the spiral stairway is. Turn right in order to go up the stairway. Go up exactly two steps and stop.
The livingroom is next to the dining room and next to the kitchen.
The microwave oven is set under a brown cabinet and near some plates.
Go out of the bathroom and go into the large room with the stairs.  Wake until you see a doorway to a room with many round tables and chairs and two large wooden doors.  Wait there.
Walk down the hallway along the tall cupboards on the wall. Walk along the glass banister wall. towards the stairwell ahead. Walk past the laundry room and turn into the next door down the hall that has paintings on either side of the walls.
The sofa is set at the center of the living room, on the second floor.
The chair is in a big office containing many drink and snacks.
The vase is placed in the corridor.
walk outside of the bathroom and turn right. Head towards the end of the bedroom and make your way to the door. The destination will be outside the door.
turn around walk through the large doorway, stop near the fireplace.
The decorations are set near a black and gray sofa and next to a brown wooden table.
With the sink on your right walk forward. Stop at the top of the stairs.
the bench is located in a garden on the second floor
beside a big basket for used clothes.near a mirror with black rims.
Exit the bedroom. Walk straight down the hallway past the first door on your right. Continue walking until you reach the second door on your right. Stop and wait there.
Leave the room through the door to the right of the wooden table.  Turn left on the other side and walk up the stairs and stop at the very top.
Could you go through the area with the barber chairs and into the bathroom with the white rocks and screen partition?.
The bed is by the window, against a wall.
Go between the cars and through the doorway at the end of the garage. Go straight and stop in the doorway to the kitchen.
Go out of the room and make a left, go the the doorway and then make an immediate right passed the couches on the left, head towards the center table then stop and wait.
Go past the white couches and stop next to the glass doors.
The bike is in the big lobby.
Walk through the open wooden door in front of you.  Keep walking forward, going directly to the white table in the middle of the room and go around it to the left.  Once on the other side of the table keep walking forward to the closed wooden door.  Open the door and exit onto the terrace looking at the four chairs.  Walk forward and turn right when you get to the chairs, and walk to the hallway.  There is a statue of a dog near the hallway entrance.  Walk three feet down the hallway and stop.
The oven is on the right side of the refrigerator and under the cabinet.
Walk toward the air conditioners, turn left to go toward the stairs, and stop once you reach the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the closet. Turn right. Exit the room. Turn slightly left and go into the hallway straight ahead. Continue straight pass the chair on the right and into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Head straight down the hallway, past the double doors to the left and the door ahead. Stop before entering the next door leading to the bedroom.
Walk out the double doors and head straight towards the chair in the hallway.  Turn left and enter the bathroom on the left.
Exit room, turn right, turn left and wait near the bed.
Go downstairs and go through the door on your right into the kitchen.  Walk to the sink and turn right to go into another room.  Stop once you reach the rug in the room.
The livingroom is on the third floor, next to the dining room and there is a balcony outside.
The chair is next to a short dark brown locker, in front of a desk full of paper and next to a glass wall.
Walk towards black steps.  Walk to chalkboard.  Wait here.
Keep walking straight all the way and stop beside the two plant pots.
Go in the left side door and go passed the sinks and stop in the doorway.
Go to the wastebasket Go to the vase Go down two steps Go three steps Go to the light switch Go to the bedroom door.
These boxes is in a utility room.
Walk down the stairs and turn right at the bottom of the stairs. Turn left in the next hallway. Immediately after turning left, wait in the hallway next to the entrance to the bathroom.
The lamp is face the TV and living room is next to the balcony and kitchen.
Exit the room through the closest door and turn right. Go into the neighboring room and stop next to the glass shelf, empty aside from the base of five flowers on top.
Walk out of the bathroom and towards the large movie screen.  Walk out the door that is on the right before you get to the screen, and into the billiards room. Stop facing the pool table.
table next to the balcony
Walk out the double white doors to your left. Once in the hallway turn right and stop once you reach the 2nd rug.
Turn around and go towards the door leading outside past the orange chair on the right. Keep walking past it and enter the next glass door into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn right and then right again to enter the bathroom. Once you reach the wall, turn left and walk towards the mirror. Stop in front of the mirror and the sink.
Go down the hallway, past the stairs and two doors. Stop before entering the door to the bathroom.
the bedroom is next to the corridor and the corridor is near the living room
Move down the hallway to your right toward the painting of the zebras. Make  hard right into the doorway and wooden floor walkway. Continue walking through the hallway toward the bedroom area. Make a left into the bathroom using the doorway on the left. Wait next to the white marble countertop.
Walk through the bedroom passed the bed and dresser. Walk out of the door into the hallway. Walk towards the open double doors. Turn and walk through the arched  wall into the living room area with a fireplace and burgundy couches.
The medel is opposite to the door of the corridor and near the food bar.
Head inside, walk past the kitchen area, wait at the stairs.
Get off of the bed and walk through the door into the hallway. Walk into the curved hallway and make a left at the first open door.
Go to the right of the black table and around it, go into the archway to the right of the greyish painting, take a step in and stop.
Turn right and walk down the hallway all the way to the table on the end. Then turn left and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go past the stairs and through the doorway.
Go between the brown couch and the bar. Go the the photos on the wall and turn right. Go to the photos of children and turn right. Go into the bedroom and stop.
walk between the island and the counter with the island on your right. walk past the couch and toward the heating radiator. Stop when you pass the heating radiator.
The painting is set opposite to a green and blue painting and near a white and beige stair.
Walk forward into the area with the mosaic floor. Angle left and walk towards the door in the left corner of the room. Wait in the doorway.
Walk up the steps and down the hall, past the stairs. Stop in the kitchen next to the oven.
The stair handrail is located in a bar.
Go down the stairs and straight. Turn left into the hallway and go up the steps . Go through the door and wait near the black bench.
Walk out of the room and take a right. Take another right and then a left and wait at the counter next to the chairs.
Walk into the room with a sink and long counter top. Walk through the room along the counter and walk through the arched doorway at the end. Turn the corner and walk past the open draped window. Continue into the open area ahead and stop near the dining area with a spherical chandelier above.
The table is near a bedroom.
Exit the bathroom and walk straight across the bedroom. Wait at the door that leads outside.
Turn around and and head towards the glass doors. Turn right to pass the desk and go through the next doorway. Continue forward through the next door and wait in front of the desk with the tray of apples.
Head across the room to the couch and turn right at the hallway. Then continue and pass the painting and turn right again into the laundry room.
Turn around and walk into the next room.  Then turn right and enter the conference room.  Stand near the chair.
The picture is placed facing the stairs next to the cabinet.
It was next to a picture, on a sofa.
next to a door, on a wall
Walk to the opposite end of the table and stand in the doorway behind the chair at the head of the table.  Stop here in the doorway between the dining room and hallway.
Walk out of the kitchen heading into the living room. Hang a left and walk into the hallway past the living room. In the hallway go into the bedroom straight ahead. In teh bedroom stop once you are inside the doorway.
There is a spinning bike and a treadmill in this gymnasium.
Walk forward and turn left to enter the hallway. Go straight down the hallway and stop at the doorway.
The lamp is settled in a bright bedroom on the second floor.
Walk to the other side of the closet where the baskets are. Turn right and keep going past the exercise room. Turn left and go into the bathroom.
Walk just around the counter to the right into the hallway. Stop and wait near the double doors.
With the round table behind you walk out of the room and take a left. walk on the red rug down the hall and out of the room into the foyer. In the foyer walk up the marble stairs, and stop on the second stair from the bottom on the right staircase.
Walk down the steps and take a very slight left, before heading through the door and taking a hard right, wrap around and through the same door and stop at the top of the steps.
The sink is in a bathroom.
Head in the direction of the stairs leading upwards and pass by them with the stairs on your right. Move past the wooden door to your right, the mirrored doors on your right, and then turn right down the narrow corridor. Continue down the corridor past the fireplace on your right and through the door opening directly ahead of you into the bedroom.
Walk down the stairs and turn left. Stop in front of the doorway.
Go straight past the table and chairs and past the large bench. Pass the statue and wait in the hallway right next to the black, grey and white painting on the wall.
Exit bathroom turn hard left.  Walk past stairs.  Turn right and wait by outside furniture.
The towel is near a vase and in front of a big mirror.
Exiting closet, make a right, continue past bedroom and enter bathroom and wait.
Go into the very large room to the left, Go through it and out of the front door, and wait .
on the right and at the short side of this room
Exit the massage room, and make a right. Walk past the barber's chair, and make a right through the open door after the floor candle. Wait at the half wall filled with river rocks.
The door connects indoor and outdoor.
walk through doorway to the right of the bed, turn left at the fooseball table, turn right at the bookcase and stop.
Go straight and turn left on the first door and walk toward the pool. Go slightly right and into the large glass doors to go inside the house.
Stand so the door going inside is behind you and walk straight down the deck towards the table and chairs at the end.  Stand between the two pillars on the farthest left closest to the table and chairs.
Turn around, go pass the open glass doors and around the corner to the right there are three glass windows, stop at the second window of the three windows.
walk straight down hallway , turn slight right towards entry door, stop on circle art on floor.
Go to the end of the hallway. Turn right and enter the bedroom. Go past the right side of the bed and stay in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk past the dining room. Make a left opposite the kitchen bar stools. Make a right through the open door after the thermostat on the wall to the right. Make a hard left onto the carpeted floor. Wait at the floor to ceiling mirror.
Exit the laundry room and turn left then turn left and pass the glass table with the fancy chairs. Pass the round table and wait near the couches and the tv.
The decotations are hanging on the wall in a gymnasium.
walk down the hallway away from from the hardwood floor, turn right at the end of the hallway, continue straight and turn left at the end of the hall, walk through doorway on your right and stop before you reach the carpet.
on a table of glass, next to a sofa
The dustbin is in the public stationery area.
Go inside the house through the black archway, then turn left into the ornate archway and then stop.
Put the double doors directly behind you. Then walk straight across the main hallway. Go past the cheetah painting on your right. Turn right, and enter the laundry room with a sink.
The power switch is on the lower right of a lamp and right above a wooden frame.
Exit the bathroom through the doorway and turn left. Walk on the carpet toward the bed. Turn left on the hardwood flooring and wait by the kitchen sink.
Walk out of the bedroom onto the patio. On the patio stop behind the couch.
The lamp is in a small single room.
Climb the stairs and turn right at the top and pass through the doorway. Turn right again after the doorway and enter the bedroom ahead of you.
Exit the bathroom using the door on the right then turn right and head down the hall until you get to a large bedroom. Go out the double door on the left onto the balcony and wait by the black patio chair.
Walk straight. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Walk to the other end of the room past the entire table.   Take a right turn to exit the room.  Walk towards the left heading towards the giant green vase.  Enter the doorway with the words to the left wall of it of "#downtown".  Stop inside the room when you reach the first pipe going up the wall to your right.
With the railings on your right, walk down the hallway and turn into the bedroom on the left after passing the stairs.  Enter the room and stop at the foot of the bed.
Turn around and walk towards the bed. Turn left and exit out where the dark curtains are. Walk and stop at the white door on your left and face the wood cabinet with mirrors.
next to a small table, near stairs
Go around the counter and stop at the entrance to the hallway.
Walk to the end of the hall and stop by the painting.
Turn around and walk across the kitchen past the bar stools. Enter the large entryway to your right with all the pictures hanging and then turn right. Walk all the way to the end and enter the door to the left of the pictures of 2 kids. Walk to the right side of the bed and enter the bathroom. Stop once you are inside.
walk to center of room, turn right at ping pong table. Walk straight towards glass doors. Stop next to the desk on the left.
the open-balcont is near a living room and a rest room.
Walk onto the rug on your right towards the table with black chairs. Walk on the right side of the table, past the wooden dresser and stop on the blue rug.
The mirror is near the washstand and sink.
Exit bedroom, turn left, walk through balcony and stairs till the wall, turn left at wall, enter the master bedroom.
This location has two doors and there are some trees via the windows.
walk around the bed, with bed being on your right and the drawer on you left. keep walking around the bed passing the closets to your left and go to the open door, and stop when you see the stationary bycicle.
under a lamp, next to a fire place
The electronic keyboard is near a bedroom and a toilet.
Walk towards the pool and walk down the length of it. on the side closest to the building.  Stop in front of the half circle-shaped hot tub in front of the two circle cut outs in the wall.  It has a cactus on one side and a large potted plant on the other side.
The towel is hung between the sink and the toilet in the bathroom.
Turn around 180 degrees and go down the hallway.  Take the first doorway on the right and walk into the bathroom. Stop just inside the door.
between two table lamp, facing a big painting.
The power switch is between the window and the door.
Go to the foot of the bed. Go into the room nearest the bed.
The curtain is near a balcony and a dining room.
Walk forward with the refrigerator on your left. Take a left and go into the hallway. Go straight and take the third right into a bedroom. Stop in front of the bookcase.
The bar has a bar counter and two elevators.
There is a picture on the back and a TV in front of it
The cabinet is under the table and sculpture.
Exit the room using the door in the middle then turn left and go out the door on the left. Turn right and go into the door on the left that is straight across the green and brown cloth artwork on the right wall. Wait there near the fireplace.
Walk straight passing the shoe rack. Keep walking and stop outside the restroom door.
Turn right and enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom and turn left. Wait in the entryway of the laundry room on the left.
Go across the room and out the passageway and through to the left, then take a sharp right around the corner and go down the stairs.
Walk up the stairs and take a left. Go down these stairs and walk down the narrow hallway. In the hallway take the second door on your left, and a right into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Turn and go left towards the stairs.  Walk past the stair case across the room to the hall.  Walk down the hall and enter the ballroom.
Leave the kitchen and go down the stairs into the living room. Exit the living room, and go onto the patio. Stop on the patio next to the door on the left.
The sofa is in the living room on the second floor.
walk by stairs, enter door at end of hall.
Walk out of the bathroom and through the television room into the hallway. In the hall go to the stairs and go up the stairs, stopping on the fourth from the top stair.
Turn toward the picture of the boat and walk into the hallway. Walk to the end of the hallway where there is the sconce and a picture to the right of the light.
The oven is placed below the cabinet next to the microwave in the kitchen.
Turn to your left and walk down the hallway to the end. Once you are in the room. Walk through the room and out the door leading outside and stop.
Go through the bedroom and into the doorway to the left, take a step into the bathroom and stop.
Turn left, walk through the entryway, turn right, walk through the entryway, turn right again, walk through the doorway and wait in the bedroom.
Turn around and exit the room out of the curtains on your left. Once out turn left and enter the white door. Once through, turn right and go down the steps. Stop when you reach the first turn in the steps.
The stairs is set at a corner of the living room, on the second floor.
Walk down the hallway into the open space with a decorated floor. Walk into the room with the sink across the room. Stand next to the outlet on the floor.
Exit the bathroom and walk forward. Exit the room and turn left. Walk forward and turn left and enter the room. Wait in the room with the basketball painting.
Turn slightly right and exit the room. Turn right and walk across the hallway. Turn left and walk towards the air vent on the right wall. Wait there.
The livingroom is next to the kitchen and on the first floor.
Walk toward the deck but turn left before going outside.  Walk through the dining area and turn left.  Walk to the room with the wine bottles to the left of the large portrait painting.  Stop in the glass doorway to the wine room.
walk behind couch, exit room to right, enter office to right.
With the door to your immediate left, move forward passing a long dark table. Continue until a long light colored table is to your right and behind you and a ping pong table is to your right and ahead of you. Turn ninety degrees to your right. Then move forward until the long light colored table on your right is just behind you.
The box is set  behind a black chairs and between two shelves.
Leave the bathroom and do a U-Turn to the right and enter the bedroom that is adjacent to the bathroom.  Stop at the foot of the bed.
Stand with the window behind you and exit the room via the door in front of the railing.  Turn left down the hallway and walk all the way to the room at the very end.  Step inside the unfinished room and stop once inside in the middle of the room.
Pass the table with chairs and head toward the stairs. Pass the stairs and go into the hallway. Go down the hallway until you see an opening on the left and turn left then head straight until you get to a door that leads to an office and wait at the entrance.
Walk left between the building and the pool chairs and stop between the pillar and the large windows on the curved part of the building.
next to the sofa, above the dining chair
The gymnasium has three chandeliers and a swivel chair.
next to the painting, next to the desk
The book is set at a corner of the bedroom.
The guitar is on the right side of a beige and brown lamp and a black telephone, and near a blue and white bed.
Walk out of the bedroom and up the stairs. Walk past the steps into the kitchen and stop by the island.
Leave the laundry room and take a left walk between the kitchen and dining table. Go through the doorway that leads outside.  Stand on the rug outside of the doorway.
Exit the office area through double glass doors. Turn right and pass the staircase. After passing the staircase, turn right again and exit the double doors with Woodside homes written on the mat. Wait there.
Walk into the room at the end of the hall and turn right. Walk through the doorway and stop just inside the door.
Go stand on the second step of the curving stairs that go up.
Exit the room.  Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right into the room and wait near the bed.
Turn left and walk along the red carpet. Enter the rightmost doorway behind the chairs. Wait by the small table in the middle of the chairs.
Go down the hall. Stop next to the Pulp Fiction poster.
the vase between the kitchen and the living room
in front of a Frence window and TV, next to a lamp
Walk straight past the large table and chairs. As soon as you pass the small table with the two chairs turn right. Wait near the bed.
Walk down the stairs, then turn right. Walk towards to the tall and silver cylindrical object, and then take a slight left. Wait here next to the cylindrical object.
The vase is between two power sockets and connect with a balcony via a glass door.
in the cabinet drawer and on the right side of the white division plate
Turn left and head towards the yellow bar. Walk along the bar and then turn right and walk up up to the yellow refrigerator and stop.
The chair is the fourth one in a row of chairs from right to left while facing to the chairs, behind a red leather sofa and opposite to a brown wooden desk.
Walk through the bathroom and out the door, take a right turn through the other open door and stop at your destination.
The cabinet is in the lower left corner of the towel and brush.
Walk out of the bedroom under the wine bottle decoration. Go past the bathroom and take a left into the first room which has two fish handing on the wall above the bed.
Go up the stairs then turn right and go down the hallway. When you get to two golden lion statues turn left and go into that room. Wait near the tv.
Go past the pool and spa toward the house.  Go through the double doors and into the house.  Stop inside in front of the dinning room table.
Walk into the sitting area. Walk between the couch and the window sitting.  Exit the room near the giraffe statue. Stop outside of the doorway.
TV is set in the bedroom.
Turn right to exit the room. Turn right when you get to the end of the hallway. Walk toward the couches and stop there by the couches.
Turn 180 degrees to face the room with the fireplace. Walk forward past the fireplace. Continue down the red carpet past the stanchions. Stop in front of the double doors.
Walk up the steps and make a sharp turn right. Walk left into the kitchen and stop just past the refrigerator.
on the table, in the middle of two sofas
The small office is along the corridor,opposite to an empty room and near the junction of three roads.
Go into the building and down the steps. Wait behind the wall near the bottom of the stairs.
Walk into the kitchen, and go left. Take a right, and stop next to the first bar stool.
Turn right and walk through the hallway left of the kitchen area. Turn right and enter the closet on your left. Wait at the entrance of the closet.
Walk to the front of the church aisle and stop when you get to the row of the second pews from the front.
Exit the bathroom toward the room. Then exit the room using the door on your left. Head down the hallway and enter the first room on your left. Wait there.
Walk along the house towards the small round table. Pass the table and continue to the doorway. Enter the doorway to the right. Wait inside the doorway, on the wood floor.
Go forward down the hallway with the dark wooden floor and on to the rug. stop after the end of the rug.
Leave the bathroom and walk through the office, and out of the room. Stop once you enter the hallway.
Walk forward, and enter the house facing the kitchen. Stop in the doorway to the patio.
Exit the closet and veer left to exit the building through the glass doors. Wait on the balcony near the door.
face hot tub, turn right, walk past hot tub, follow patch slightly to left and straight, turn left on concrete walkway, continue straight and stop next to last plan on left.
Walk through the dining area passed the round table and then passed the long dining table. Continue to the bar area stopping near the counter.
The ornament is placed near a big conference room and a small conference room.
Walk through the two columns. Walked forward towards the roped off area. Stop in front of the table with the two large candlesticks.
The vase is in a small attic, which is on the second floor.
Walk into the hallway and to the right. Walk left down the hall and turn right. Stop just inside the bedroom.
on the right side of the sink;towards the doors of the restroom and the changing room.
Go inside and walk past the foot of the bed.  Take right before exiting the bedroom and walk past a closet into a bathroom.  Step on the red carpet and stop.
Telephone is in living room
Go to the end of the walkway and wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk out of the bathroom and across the hall. Turn right and walk through the double doors. Stop behind the couch.
Walk along the glass wall and wine rack, and wait inside a wooden doorway with some white lockers in the room, and black benches.
Walk through the room alongside the bed towards the doorway passing the side table and bench seats. Walk out of the door and into the hallway.
Leave the bathroom, and take a left. Go down the hall, and into the sitting area. Stop in front of the fireplace.
Follow the path marked by blue dots into the kitchen.
The desk is next to the sofa with a vase on it.
Go around the bed in the bedroom. Go to the closet which is on the left. Stop in front of the doorway.
The stool is set in the middle of the kitchen.
Make your way up the steps, take a hard right turn and then continue up the steps then through the door on the left heading towards the skateboards and stopping.
Walk out the bedroom and walk straight past the laundry room and bathroom. Turn slightly left and walk into the room. Stop at the closet.
The picture is on the wall in a study.
The telephone is near a corridor and a toilet.
there is a bedroom behind it
The picture is in the second row and the third column of the six pictures and above a cabinet with a silver ship.
The cabinet is placed in the corridor.
Walk through the doorway and take a right. Walk straight down the hallway and take a left. Wait near the door to the right.
Walk across the room into the doorway to the right of the white desk. Turn left and walk straight through the kitchen area. At the refrigerator, turn left. Walk striaght into the laundry room. Wait by the sink.
Climb the stairs and stop at the blue dot.
Exit the room through the doors to the left of the fireplace. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Leave desk and walk up steps. Turn right and walk toward bed. Turn left and enter closet.
The chair is set in the middle of the dining room.
Exit the room and stop just outside the door in the hallway, next to the lamp on the wall.
Exit the bedroom and enter the laundry room on the right. Wait there.
Exit the room and veer left, pass the table and turn right. Immediately turn left and walk to the doorway by the dining room and wait there.
The chair is on the opposite side of a atr stduio.
Turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk past the desk, turn right and walk past the long conference table. Wait next to the white trashcan.
face two doors walk through doorway on the left towards old bathroom, turn right before bathroom walk towards carpet, turn left at table and walk through giant doorway and stop when you reach the carpet.
Go past the sink on the right. Turn left into the double doors and go out to the hallway. Go straight into the hallway  and walk till you get to the chair. Turn right and go into the laundry room. Wait at the entrance.
Go into the hallway, make a left into the brown double doors, go to the right of the table and turn right into the first archway, go straight for a second and then turn left into the bathroom, go towards the bathtub, make a left and then stop between the towel rods and the shower.
Walk across bedroom to glass exit door. walk straight passed open door to outside and into living room, stop behind couch.
Turn right and walk past the table. Go up the stairs and wait next to the sink.
Turn right and exit the room. Once out, turn left and walk up the stairs in front of you. Stop once you reach the last step from the top.
The flower is in the lounge.
Walk into the bedroom with white bed, two white chairs next to it, and door to the balcony next to pool. Go into the bathroom and stop in front of the nearest sink.
Go away from the stairs towards the large window, walking between the couches and the dining table.  Wait when you reach the rug.
There are a spinning bike and a treadmill in this gymnasium.
There is a tap installed above the sink , and the a blue towel is hanging close to it.
Exit the closet, then turn right and exit the bedroom. Then turn left and walk down the hall past the the bathroom. Enter the bedroom on your right and wait near the bed.
against the wall of this area in the corner of a hallway.
exit bathroom to sitting room. Turn right and exit to hallway, turn left and follow hallway to the end. turn right into bedroom. Stop before bed.
Go to the light switch. Go to the bed. Go to the ottoman. Go to the mirror.
The lamp is near a big bed and near a dresser.
The picture is placed on the wall of the bedroom.
Walk out of bedroom and turn left. Walk down to end of hall. Turn left into bedroom. Walk to bathroom and wait there.
The tiny room connects with a living room, and there is a toolroom on the left of the tiny room.
Turn left and walk through the doorway on the left of the chair.  Walk down the left corridor, into the bedroom.  Stop in front of the first brown and tan picture on the left.
Look in the direction of the stairs and across to the rightmost arched opening on the opposite side of the stairs. Go through that opening by walking to the left of the stairs. Continue straight through that passage way until you enter a large room. There will be a bed ahead of you and to your left.
Turn around and exit the bathroom. Walk across the bedroom and exit out the curtains. Once out, turn left and exit out the white door. Once out turn right and enter the double white doors. Walk forward and turn in the next door on the left and stop facing into the bedroom.
The painting is settled on the white wall, above a black wooden screen and between two windows.
Go straight between the two table lamps and counter with flower pot.  Turn left, and walk through the leftmost doorway.  Continue straight down the corridor until you reach the staircase.  Wait near the top of the railing.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Walk through the doorway on the left that is next to the painting. Wait next to the mirror.
Take a left and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk forward down the hallway and into the bedroom. Turn left once you enter the bedroom and stop in the closet.
Exit the bathroom and wait in the middle of the stairway on the right.
Exit the bedroom and go into the carpeted hallway.  Turn hard left and walk straight.  Make a left into the room in front of treasure chest.  Wait here.
Walk down the hall, past the pictures. Once you get to the closet, turn a hard right and walk past the front of the bathroom. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
The sink is settled in the corner of a small storeroom.
Turn around and enter the house. Go to the right side of the petition and walk across the room. Once you pass the 2nd chair on your right, turn into the doorway and stop.
The bathroom is next to a cloakroom and has a small balcony.
Leave the room and walk down the corridor on the right. Walk forward with the pool on your left. Turn into the last door on your right and stop in the doorway.
Walk through the kitchen and stop on the top step of the stairs.
Walk through room and turn right before white couch, walk up the two flights of stairs, stop at the top of the stairs.
at the end of a hallway;
Walk through the living room and take a right. Walk down the hall and enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Take a left into the kitchenette. Stop in front of the mini-fridge.
Walk into the bathroom to the left of the bed. Stop just inside.
Turn around, exit the closet and go into the door on the left of the bed. Go right and exit into the hallway, go passed the stairs and go into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Turn left and stop in the bedroom.
The stove is placed on the table next to the vase in the kitchen.
Tap  in the kitchen
Walk up the stairs. Walk forward past the windows and walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
the kitchen is next to a open-balcony and a living room.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the bathroom and then turn right into the bedroom, immediately turn left into the closet. Wait by the closet shelving on the left.
on the wall, next to the stairs, among five pictures and third from left
Stand in front of the silver refrigerator.
walk down hallway away from two chairs, continue straight and stop once you walk through the doorway to the bathroom.
The telephone is set on the right side of a blue and white bed, near a guitar and near a beige and brown lamp.
Exit room. Walk towards doorway past the set of stairs. Go through the doorway and turn left. Wait in front of the sink.
Walk straight ahead, past the chair, toward the door at the end of the hall. Turn right, take one step forward, then turn right again. Walk straight ahead, passing the doors open to the courtyard. Continue to the wall with the light switches and thermostat panel.
Leave the bathroom and take a right into the main room. Walk past the service buffet table  and stairs, and take the first right. Stop in front of the bench below the bridal room sign.
Walk out of bathroom. Walk past treadmill. Wait at "wet floor" sign.
Leave the bedroom through the patio door. On the patio take a right into the kitchen. Stop in the doorway to the kitchen.
Walk out of the sitting area, past the stairs and down the hallway. Wait outside on the stoop.
The guitar is set in the small and bright bedroom.
Walk down the hall to the top of the stairs. Walk to the second step down and stop.
in the middle of the cabinet, under the range hood
Turn around and walk towards the right to go down the hallway. Walk out the door in front of the stairs. Once out, turn right and enter the living room. Stop once you enter.
with the doorway on your left go forward into the bedroom and go right walking past the bed and go right into the bathroom at the end of the room stopping just on the inside of the doorway to the bathroom.
Turn around and walk to the right side of the room. Once you reach the right side of the room, turn left and walk forward. Stop at the square with the table in the middle.
Walk out of the bathroom and left past the bed. Turn right and stop in front of the small television.
Go down the stairs to the first landing. Turn right and go down three more steps.
go towards the open bay and into the bedroom. go past the chair and to the balcony. stop by the balcony door.
The bathroom is next to a storeroom on the second floor and has a tiny balcony.
Walk forward, wait near the doorway on the right.
Walk straight passing the two small stairs. Turn left at the very first white column. Stop at the second stairs.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk all the way down the hallway and wait right at the top of the stairs.
Turn around and leave the room. Turn left at the exercise bikes. Keep walking and stop in front of the pool.
Turn right and walk through door, continue straight through hallway and through door frame, and continue in same direction, then stop at the door frame of bedroom.
The kitchen is next to a dining room and is in front of a storeroom.
Turn around with the columns towards your back. You'll be walking to your left and exit the balcony through the first opened door on your right. Once you've entered the room, you'll again be turning to your right and walking through the first hallway on your right. You will need to stop in the hallway before the opened doors on your left right and directly in front of you.
Walk down corridor and turn right at second desk. Walk over and stand beside white dresser.
The pillow is placed near a bedroom and a tearoom.
Turn around and walk between the tables into the larger room. Go left into the hall and stop next to the wood box on the right.
The bookcase is near a toilet and a corridor.
This bedroom is on the second floor, on the right of the stairs and in the end of the corridor. There is a washroom inside the bedroom.
the far left one near the pool
Exit the bedroom and make a right into the hallway. Proceed up the small flight of stairs. Continue straight ahead until you reach another flight of stairs which will be on your left, wait there.
Follow the blue carpet until you see the stairs going down. Change direction there and move down the stairs. Keep going down the stairs until you reach the fifth stair from the floor. Stand on that fifth stair until you are instructed to move again.
Head straight down the hallway, pass a mirror then wait by the last door in the hallway.
If you would go to the bedroom with the striped blanket on it you will find a large empty closet located directly across from it.
The cabinet is above the table and to the right of the oven.
There is a big TV put in the living room ,but without a balcony .
The computer is in an office numbering 356 that filled with stationery,book and poster.
the kitchen is near the dining room and living room
Turn to the right and walk down the hallway.  Walk till you can turn to the right and walk past the fireplace.  Walk towards the chairs.  Then turn to the right and go stand by the first open door.  Wait there.
Walk past the round table and chairs. Turn right when you get to the kitchen. Go up the three steps on the right and stop before you get to the other set of steps.
Exit closet and go straight down hallway past bathroom and weight machines. Continue straight towards bedroom and once in bedroom take an immediate right. Enter office and go left past the desk and towards the double doors. Go through the doorway and wait by wall art of deer.
Go straight until you pass the extra large table with chairs then stop by the fake sink.
Go outside to the sitting area and then go inside to the bedroom.  Head past the couch and go the outdoor bathroom and stop.
Exit the closet. Turn left and then wait near the bed.
Exit the bathroom, continue past the bed and television until you exit the bedroom, wait in the doorway to your left.
Walk forward through the hallway, make a slight right, wait in front of the door.
The dining room is next to a kitchen and a small dining room.
Walk down the stairs.  Turn right at the blue and red chairs. Walk past the door to the outside. Stop by the two white "modern" chairs.
Go toward the doorway by the chair.  Head into the kitchen and turn right.  Stop in front of the painting by the doorway.
Exit the room and walk down the hall. Wait by the table.
Exit the bedroom, proceed through the hall and up the steps. Stop next to the front of the piano.
Walk past the washer and driyer and sink, out the door.  Stop facing the kitchen and the dining room.
walk into the house and go through the living room out to the pool. walk along the path along between the pool and the grass And go down the stairs. Stop on the last stair near the black lounge chair.
Walk to the revolving door and turn left. Stop next to the small table between two chairs.
The corner of the hallway has three deck chairs.
Leave bedroom to hallway, turn right into laundry room and wait.
Exit the living room through the doorway on the left, make a left and go through the doorway, step near the doorway on the right and stop.
There is a set of sofa and table outside.
Walk through the large dining room down the middle of the room past the tables and fireplace. Walk through the open framed entryway on the other end of the room without doors. Walk past the old rotary phone on the wall and through the next open door beside it.
Move forward through the room. Exit through the door to the left. Go all the way down the hallway, head down two stairs and stop.
Walk past the large mirror on the wall and turn left at the bathroom. Continue down the hallway and wait just inside the doorway to the garage.
Exit the room and turn left go down the stairs ten steps and wait there.
on the far right of table and close to the corridor;
Go up the stairs, turn left, and continue walking. Walk over the black rug, turn left into the room with the washer and dryer. Stop just before reaching the washer and dryer.
The study has a furnace in the corner and two chairs.
the bathroom is in a big bedroom which is in the end of a corridor and near a open-balcony.
Turn around and go through the door. Follow the hallway and at the first door turn left and go to the top of the stairs.
The TV is located in a bright bedroom.
Walk out of the small room, into the hallway with the brick floor.  Walk down the brick hallway, past the wooden equipment and turn left into the dining room. Walk past the dining room table and turn right into the next room.  Stop and wait in the next room, next to a tall cabinet and the fireplace.
Walk past the sitting area behind the couch toward the kitchen area.  Stop on the tile floor between the second column and the window to the kitchen.
Leave the bathroom and walk straight past the bed.  At the foot of the bed turn right and stop near the two chairs just outside the bedroom.
Stand with the railing on your left and walk straight until you get to some artwork with feathers hanging on the wall.  Turn left and enter the entertainment room.  Stop just after stepping into this room.
Go down the hallway, take a right in the bedroom and once at the foot of the bed, take a right and stop in the doorway.
Exit the bedroom. Walk past the pool table on the right. Walk through the archway to the left of the stair railing. Wait at the alcove on the stair landing.
walk by left of staircase, enter bedroom and turn right.
Exit theater room and walk straight down the hallway. Continue straight down the hallway pass the kitchen on the right and the bathroom on the left. Turn right into the sitting area and stop near the chair.
Walk across the bedroom, then into  the hallway on the left. Enter the door on the right in front of the stairs, and stop in the doorway.
Turn to your right and enter the hallway. Then turn right again and walk through the foyer. Then enter the den. Stop near the desk.
Exit the bedroom, go down the hall and wait in the doorway to the living room.
Walk past tub on the right. Enter kitchenette, and wait at the sink.
The chair is on the balcony.
Exit the bedroom and turn right.Walk past the staircase and to the door on the right in front of an entryway. Go through the door and you'll be in an office area.
Exit medical building to main lobby and into room with loungers. Stop at desk.
Walk out of the sauna and exit the massage room. In the massage room take a left. take the second left and enter the bathroom. Stop at the corner of the parttion before you reach the sink.
Exit the bedroom via the farthest left. Walk toward the couch. Stop there.
The drawer is near a toilet.
Turn left and go past the bar with the stools/chairs on the right. Wait near the glass table with the chairs on the right.
Go straight down the stairs.
Leave the kitchen and go to the living room. Stand next to the small round end table. Stop here.
Turn and walk down the hallway past the staircase. Continue down the hall around the corner near the potted plant. Walk up to the next open door on the wall with a bathroom inside.
Travel along the left side of the wooden table. Continue to the edge of the next wooden table. Turn left and travel to the stone wall on the left.
a beautiful painting is put at the top of the bookcase, and a leopard print sofa put close to it
Go straight out of the closet. Turn right and then turn right again to go into the bedroom. Wait near the bed.
The living room has a big sofa on the carpet and a lamp on the table.
Go towards the glass walled area and through the doors. Go towards the row of lounge chairs, Go through the door to the left of the chairs and wait.
The plant is placed near the hall and a reading room.
Go through the grand room and take a right into the doorway that is immediately after the two Victorian east lake chairs.
on the right of a short table, next to the glass wall and glass door, there are three pillows on it
exit the room then enter at the door with a plant beside it then turn left at the clothing room.
face the bed, there is a painting behind it.
Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the end of the hall past the end table and turn left. Stop just inside the bedroom.
The plant is put in the reading area.
Turn around, go out of the bathroom through the door, and turn right.  Go up the stairs.  Then turn left and go up some more stairs.  Right before you go into the room, you'll stop there.  This appears to be a den/living room.
The sofa is in the second floor and in front of the door which opens outwards.
The box is set next to a wall and near the gate.
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to the stairs.
Exit counters to large dining room. Turn left and enter large room. Walk straight and pass table and chairs. Turn left and walk to large hall on right. Stop next to big brass sign.
Walk through the en suite bathroom to the closet. Wait in the closet.
above the coffee maker, facing the lamp
Leave the bathroom and go to the table and chairs at the foot of the bed.  Go left and walk into the hallway and keep going left around to the fireplace.  Stop in front of the American flag on the left side of the fireplace.
Walk straight until you pass the wall.Turn left and go into the house. Wait near the round table.
Walk forward past the bed and dresser and into the hallway outside of the room and take a left into the hallway outside of the bathroom and take a right into the bathroom and stop in the bathroom doorway.
Walk towards the open door to the bedroom and exit the room.  Walk down the hallway until you reach the open bathroom door on your right.  Turn right and take twp steps into the bathroom.  Stop there, you should be in front of the first sink in the bathroom.
Move forwards out of the elevator. Turn left and exit through the door. just ahead. Turn left and stop on the rug in front of the door.
Right above the switch is a painting. It face the French window.
The flower is placed in the corner of a kitchen with wood floor on the first floor.
The washbasin is located in a washroom.
Exit the room then walk straight toward the pool table. Turn slightly left to pass the pool table and the couches on the left. Continue walking straight until you get to another room. Wait at the entrance.
Walk past the glass table on your right, walk to the lattice wall, wait at the opening in the lattice wall.
the garden is near the balcony and the balcony is next to a study room
Go up three stairs Go to the mat Go up two stairs Go up three stairs.
Walk straight down the hall to the end. Wait near the bathroom.
Head past the desks and to the doorway.  Go right down the hallway and stop where it tees with another hallway.
The sofa is in the study.
Exit the room and turn right. Go into the dining room and pass the table and chairs head straight out of the room using the door on the left. Wait in the living room by the red couches.
next to the woody table and the green chairs
Walk between the columns and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the steps and stop on the landing.
Go into the house and cross the rug and go into the rightmost doorway, take a step in and stop.
Turn right and walk down the hall.  Walk past the mirror and then turn right and enter the bathroom.  Wait near the sink.
Walk around the table towards the hallway and stop in the doorway.
Walk through the doorway into the kitchen. Turn right  and then turn immediately left through the white door. Walk across the large run and past the mirror on the wall. Stop between the white armchair and the large wooden case.
Head straight and pass the fireplace, pass the dog statue and wait by the work desk.
The sink is near a brown drawer and a white toilet.
Walk out the first door on the left. Turn left and walk into the room. Walk past the first table in the center. Turn left and go down the hallway. Walk into the room at the end of the hallway and stop.
The printer is set near a small conference room and a big conference room .
Go stand behind the middle kitchen island chair.
The chair is in the number 302 office.
Turn slightly left and walk along the hallway with the carpet. Turn right on the first doorway to your right. Wait there.
Go across the room and exit to the left out the double doors. Once out, go straight across and follow the hallway to the door on the other end. Stop once in the bedroom with the small bed.
There is a wide mirror with black frames;
Go down the stairs. Once you reach the grilling area, turn left and enter the house. Walk straight across the room and enter the glass door to go down the steps. Stop at the bottom of the steps.
Exit the bathroom. turn left and to until you see a pool table. Go to the pool table.
There is a sink and toilet in the toilet.
Start up the stairs. Stop at the second break in the stairs.
Head out of the bathroom and to the right, up the stairs, stop on the first landing. Wait in the balcony area near the stairs.
There is shower room and a small work place in the big bedroomand a carpet is placed close to the bed.
Go left down the stairs. Continue past the light switch on the left and go left down the hall. Stop in the doorway on the right.
Walk down stairs. Make right at bottom landing. Walk past home office. Walk past smoke detector. Wait at mini fridge.
Go straight in the hallway.  Turn to the right and go into this room.  Walk past the foot of the bed and into a master bathroom.  Wait there once you get to this room.
Walk through the kitchen and take a right after the refrigerator. Stop on the rug under the mirror.
The kitchen is on the third floor, next to the livingroom and next to the dining room.
in the middle of two deck chairs and near a wooden door.
Go down the hall and turn right then stop next to the kitchen sink.
Walk into the bathroom area and continue past the sink and shower. Walk through the open door into the bedroom. walk past the base of the bed and out through the door on the other side.
The bed is near a living room and a toilet.
Walk forward with the office behind you. Stop In the doorway at the end of the hall.
Turn left into the hallway. Go straight until you get to the oval table.Wait there.
The area is next to the living room and the kitchen.
Make a right at the counter and walk to the to the room with the table and steps. You'll be looking at a couch, take a left and wait behind the couch.
Exit the room using the door on the left and then go straight until you get to the stairs and wait on the third step.
Walk past chairs and turn left. Walk straight through kitchen to left of island.  Walk through dining room to living room and stand by couch.
Walk to the two doors at the end of the hall, and enter the room on the left. Go forward into the last room which is the laundry room. Stop next to the washing machine.
WALK TOWARDS THE BASKETBALL HOLDER AND TURN SLIGHTLY LEFT, WALK TO THE END OF THE BRIDGE WALKWAY AND TURN RIGHT, WALK TO THE TOP OF THE STAIRS.
Walk forward and pass the entire kitchen heading towards the staircase which is right ahead. Turn right and stop at the top of the staircase.
Turn towards the hallway. Walk towards the hallway. Continue down the hallway until you reach the stairs.
Walk towards the refrigerator. Stop to the left of the refrigerator.
Pass the bed and stop by the patio window.
This cupboard is in the study.
The mirror is on a cabinet and near a light which is on the wall.
at the turning of a corridor.
go strait through the hall and out the door. Then turn slightly to the right go past the stairs and stand next to the bar in front of the elevators.
Continue down the kitchen hall and stop just before going outside.
Walk straight down the hallway toward the windows at the far end. Walk past the office labeled enerskin. Stop near the EXIT sign on the upper right.
Walk along the railing on the balcony. Go past the lounge chair on your right and go to the other end of the balcony. Stop in the corner at the other end of the balcony.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the corridor when up to second floor and in the end of the corridor.
The lamp is set at a corner of the bedroom.
Go left, and then through the hallway and out the door, making a hard right and then another hard right before stopping in the kitchen.
The toilet is close to the mirror and the sink.
The plant is in a meeting area.
The sofa is placed in a white and big living room on the first floor.
Walk past pews. Wait at floral arrangement.
Turn left and cross the room in front of the TV. Once across turn right and stop behind the couch and the large picture on the wall.
Exit the kitchen by walking past the ovens and then head right, stopping just at the doorway leading to the patio outside.
Go down the path in between the minibar and piano and go up the steps. Head straight past the shelves and stop in front of the door.
There is a tall shelf in the front of the study and there is a big table in the center of the study.
Go straight through the hall.  Past the couch, past the table and to the staircase.  Go up the stairs just to the second stop and then wait.
The closetool is near a white sink and a rectangular mirrror.
in front of a picture, next to a plate
Exit the closet, turn left. Pass the stairs and turn left. When you see the Paris painting go into the second door on the far left and wait by the washer and dryer.
The pen is on the left of the counter and faces the entrance and the food bar at a slant.
Leave the room. Continue left into the kitchen. Go into the first room on the left and keep going until you go into the room with the wine bottles. Stop in the middle of the floor across from the small picture on the wall.
The TV is in the living room.
Exit bedroom into game room, walk across game room to bedroom. Stop at dresser.
The chair is set on one side of the corridor via the altar.
The cabinet is set along the wall .
Exit the door beneath the exit sign.  Turn left, and walk towards silver bathtub.  Enter room behind bathtub.  Wait at bottom of stairs.
The bathroom is next to a study and a bedroom on the first floor.
Exit dining room to door on the left, walk across large room to first exit on right. stop in hallway with 4 exits.
Turn slightly left and walk through the sitting room, past the white chairs. Continue past the stairs on the left and turn left down the hallway after the double doors on the right. Walk through the doorway ahead and wait just inside.
walk away from the staircase, turn left down the hallway, turn left and right immediately to continue down hallway, walk past bedroom on your right and stop in the middle of the wall on your right.
The sofa is on the right of one sofa and the left of two sofas.
Turn around and walk down the hall to the room on the right, go down the hall to the laundry room on the right and stop inside the doorway.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Stop by the dining room table and chairs.
With your back towards the window with the sign starting "For new business opportunities, ...", go forward past four offices on your left and wait in front of the fire extinguisher on your right.
The table is on the ground floor kitchen.
Enter the room. Turn left and go past the bed. Turn left into the bathroom. Wait near the tub.
Walk into the kitchen and past the counters. Exit it and walk down the hall with paintings into the living room. Pass the table and walk underneath the chandelier in front of the door. Stop in front of the door.
Walk forward through the living room. Walk into the office to the right of the dining room table. Stop on the rug in front of the desk.
Turn right into the hall and go left through the door toward the pool. Go out through the door to the right and stop by the chair.
Take a right, go through the doorway, take a left and head down the hall, keep going straight a head to the next doorway, take a right and stop once you are through the bedroom doorway on the right.
Turn to your right and walk down  the hallway to your left. Walk all the way down the hallway and up the few steps and stop at the top.
Walk out of the room and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the hallway and turn left and stop just inside the bathroom.
Exit the room into the room on the left, turn right and then left and go to the top of the stairs and stop.
Turn right towards the glass door, and exit outside. Walk forward passing the entire sofa set with a coffee table on the left. Walk forward and stop near the pool area.
Go around the bed and to the door. Turn left and past the cabinet. Turn right into room. Go past bed and chair. Stop at door to bathroom.
The painting is in the first row, the first column of the six paintings and above two red and brown chairs.
Turn around to exit the bedroom. Walk down the hall past the movie posters on the wall. Turn right at the first doorway after the  posters. Stop inside the doorway.
beside the other similar stool; beside the drinking dispenser;
Leave the bathroom, and the TV room. Enter the foyer and walk toward the door. Stop once the circle in the tile.
Turn around to walk down the hallway, pass the dining area, then veer right to enter the center doorway. Wait near the fireplace.
Exit the bedroom and walk into the hallway.  Turn right and walk to the end of the hallway and go through the door on your left.  Go into the bathroom and stop after stepping into the room.
Walk past the recliners and straight ahead into the building. Stop by the couch.
Leave the bedroom and walk straight down the hall. Stop before you go through the door at the end of the hall.
Turn around. Walk through the doorway and down the hall. Stop between two doors opposite each other.
The shoebox is placed in the corridor ,which is opposite a picture of leopard and under a shoe liked handicraft.
Turn left, go into the bedroom, go left again, take the doorway on the right, pass the glass doors of the shower and to the left, stop at the doorway to the toilet.
a very wide and long corridor with many doors leading to different rooms
Walk forward toward potted plants. Walk past gate through doorway. Walk down right side of room to the stairs. Walk down the stairs to hall with wood paneling. At second doorway, turn left. Walk forward and stop in doorway of bedroom on right.
Walk past the tub and through the room. Walk past the yellow recliners and stop in the entryway.
Walk past foyer bench. Walk past thermostat.Wait at wind fridge.
Make a right turn. Walk straight ahead and stop at the door where you see towels hanging on the left side.
Walk to the right of the table and chairs and left between the two supports. Walk into the main room to the left of the table and chairs and stop just past the black chair.
Go up the stairs that leads into a long narrow hall with black and white photos  Go to the end of the hall and look into the bedroom and wait.
under the dome lights, near a carpet
This chair is located in a bright bedroom.
The master bedroom has a bathroom, a cloakroom and a window.
Leave the room by going through the door.  Walk straight past the glass down the hallway until you get to a white chair at the end.  Turn left and stop after stepping into the bathroom.
The washstand is on the table, in front of the mirror.
Go straight and pass the table with chairs on the right. Exit the room using the door on the left. Walk straight past the sink and when you pass the door turn right and go up the stairs on the right. Go up five steps and wait there.
Exit the bathroom and turn right.  Go through the doorway and stop just after stepping off the mat on the other side.
next to the blue bed and another lamp with the same color, shape and near the door of the bedroom
There is a oven next to the drawer and a television above the drawer.
Go through the first doorway on the way to the kitchen. Go left at the first door into the closet. Go into the bathroom and stand in front of the bathtub.
Enter the room and walk around the bed.  Go out on the patio and stop after taking a few steps.
Exit bathroom into hall, turn left, walk into dinging room and stop next to table with vase.
The study is next to the bathroom and children's bedroom.
the dining room is near a living room and a stair
The cabinet is placed against the wall in the kitchen.
in front of the desk,on the left side of the room,on the far left seat of the row
Walk towards the stairwell. Turn the corner near the stairwell into the kitchen area. Turn and walk past the dining table and cabinets against the wall. Walk through the door on the other end of the dining table and walk into the stone floor entry way of the home near the front door.
Turn right and exit out the door. follow the hallway. Once you pass the 2 brown chairs, turn left and stop before you enter the bedroom.
Walk straight and pass the purple chairs then turn left and wait there.
Turn around and exit into the bedroom.Once in the bedroom, Turn left and exit the bedroom Into the hallway. Follow the hallway to the left of the stairs. Continue down the hallway all the way until you reach the bedroom and stop facing the outdoors.
Walk out of the closet and through the room into the hallway. Walk along the banister to the first doorway on the left, which has armchairs and a table inside.
Turn left and exit the room through the open door.  Enter the great room wait near the stairs on your right.
Walk between the two couches. Walk to the bottom of the stairs.  Walk up two stairs and stop.
Go all the way down the stairs and stop once you reach the bottom.
Turn to the right and go down the stairs.  At the bottom of the stairs turn left and proceed out to the patio.  Stop right there, you will see the pool in front of you.  Wait there.
Exit the work area you are in and walk to the right.  Walk through the bedroom and exit out the door.  Continue walking past the red recliner on your right.  Turn left before reaching the sink and walk up to the second step of the stairs.
Walk through the office past the work tables. Go to the right and stop next to the white bookshelf outside the conference room.
Walk up the stairs and turn right at the top. Walk through the bedroom door to the right and wait near the closet.
The bottle is near a picture and near a glass bottle and a slaver.
Walk through the bathroom past the closet doors and bathtub. Walk out of the door and into the hallway. Turn the corner to the right into the adjacent room that is empty with a ceiling chandelier.
The table is placed against the wall in the corner of the kitchen.
Exit the doorway and turn to the left. Go all the way down the hallway. Turn right and go under the arch. Wait in front of the double doors by the stairs.
Walk down hall to exit sign. Turn right and stop at sink.
Walk down stairs into kitchen. Stop at counter.
Turn to your left and walk to the right side of the fireplace. Walk past the steps and stop in front of the elevator.
There is a big TV installed in the living room,and two big pictures are  put on the wall.
Go down the stairs, take a left and at the front door, take another left, leaving the house, stopping outside the door.
Walk through the kitchen, take a hard right into the dining room. Stop at the dining room table.
TUrn around, walk on the red runner, go past the fireplace.  Stop when you get to the 3 chairs.  wait there.
The cabinet is near a corridor and a toilet.
Take a left through the archway on your left going away from the door. Walk past the kitchen and living room. Enter the archway on your left. Take a left into the bedroom and stop in the doorway.
The vase is on the table with two sofas next to it with green plants
Go down the hall on the left of the bed. Enter the bathroom through the first door on the right. Stop in front of the first sink.
Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Walk down the hall, and enter the bedroom through the first door on your right. Stop once you are in the bedroom next to the door.
Pass the table and chairs then turn left and go toward the grand piano. When you get to the piano turn right and then turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait by the sink.
Walk past the wet bar with the green smiling Buddha statue. Enter the bedroom and wait in front of the bed.
From the top of the stairs make a right and walk through the entryway then make a left and go down the hall. Walk to the room at the end of the hall and wait.
The painting is in a bedroom on the second floor.
The chair is set near the stairs and next to the hall.
Exit the laundry room into the bathroom. Continue forward and exit the half bath room. Turn left in the hallway and move forward until you can turn left and stand in front of the fireplace.
The loudspeaker box is placed near a wall and the gate.
above the mirror , facing the window
Cross the table and continue down the hallway. Turn left passed the piano. Go to the couches and go straight until you reach the second to last couch.
Turn left. Walk around desks. Walk towards kitchen. Walk down stairs. Stop at bottom of stairs.
Make an exit out of the laundry room, and hang slightly left where there are stairs. Head downstairs to the main floor where you will wait at the end of the stairs where there is a painting hanging on the wall next to light switches.
Walk out into the room and stop in the doorway on the left.
Leave the bathroom and take a left and walk out of the bedroom. Take a left and stop in the doorway to the patio.
Walk straight down stone pathway.  When you reach the fork, turn left.  Wait by white stone pillar.
Exit office to hall turn right, go into office on the left and stop next to black chair.
on the left wall of the room,above the brown cabinet and next to a note written "hello"
The bed is located in a bright bedroom and on the carpet.
Go around the table and through the entryway on the left to the kitchen. Walk straight and go through the doorway across the kitchen. Stop next to the chair on your right.
Walk straight across the room and stop in the door way.
Go straight down the hallway then stop at the top base of the stairwell.
Walk past the guitars on the wall and enter the middle door. Wait there.
Exit the bathroom. Keep walking straight until you see a bedroom right ahead of you. Stand in front of the bed and stop there.
Go to the kitchen area to the left of the patio.  Walk straight through the kitchen and stop a few steps after passing the frosted glass door.  You will have just entered the dining area.
Go into the church and walk straight down the aisle. Stop once you pass the first set of pews.
Walk down the stairs and take a left. Walk down the hall and take a left into the living room. Stop next to the gray chaise lounger nest to the piano.
The area is next to the kitchen and the dining room.
Walk through the kitchen and turn right. Walk left out of the kitchen and straight across the room and outside. Stop by the end table.
Move towards the bed and stop once you are between the bed and the television.
The area is next to the staircase and on the third floor.
Mirror on the wall of the corridor
Walk inside the house. Go past the stairs and the couch. Stop at doorway on the right.
Face the doorway leading into a blue room. Without entering that room, turn right and walk down the hallway past the two chairs. Continue walking up the stairs until you see a yellow and blue painting on your right; then you've reached your destination.
a big hall with a glass door.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom into the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom. Take your first left and wait in the room that is straight ahead.
There are two washing machines nearby, Below the tap is a cabinet
Go indoors. Walk straight until you almost past the stairs on the left and turn right into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Walk from sitting room to stairs, turn right and stop between dining room table and couch.
Exit the bedroom, turn left and wait at the exit.
The wall lamp is in a small massage bedroom.
Walk parallel to the foot of the bed and exit the bedroom through the door at the right corner in front of you. Pass by the sink on your right and go forward until you see a set of double doors on your left just prior to the wall in front of you. Go through those doors and then stop.
Exit the bathroom and walk beside the model buildings. Stop by the water cooler.
Walk across the balcony passing the stone sink on the left. Wait by the couches.
Turn around and go down the stairs. Walk forward and stop in front of the CHristmas Tree.
Go into the hallway and go to the right and down the hall. Make a left into the dining room, go past the table and turn tight into the living room. Wait between the armoire and the fireplace.
Next to the table was a large sofa, on which stood a pot of plants and a China pot.
Go downstairs, walk past the bathroom and to the end of the hall. Wait in the bedroom.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn to the right.  Walk past the electronic keyboard and past the table and chairs.  Walk into the hallway.  Then, wait.
Walk along the walkway and enter the building. Wait at the bottom of the steps across from the piano.
below a picture, in front of a flower
kitchen Next to the living room
Go right passed the desk and turn left to go down the next hallway. Stop once you reach the opening to the atrium.
walk behind the couch across the living room towards the stairs. turn slight right and head towards the stairs. Stop when you reach the stairs.
Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway. Go down the hall and enter the bedroom through the first door on your right. In the bedroom stand nest to the closet near the nightstand.
Turn left and exit the room. Once in the pool room, walk past the pool and turn right. Walk into the doorway and stop facing the stairs, elevator and reception area.
The area is next to the staircase and corridor.
beside the glass door;opposite a big cabinet;
The lamp is in a corridor.
Exit the room, go toward the pool. Walk to the left of the pool and enter the doorway. Then stand in the leftmost doorway, next to a tall green plant.
This bed is located in a bedroom.
Exit bedroom and head for staircase, stop at the landing.
Walk straight toward the pool and wait there near the lounge chairs.
Next to the door handle are glass and wall.
The table is next to the white chair and in front of the wall painting.
Pass by the staircase ahead. Go forward passing the elevators on the right. Go through the doorway ahead leading to the pool area. Go forward and wait by plant.
Walk away from the red wall, straight over the rug and through the doorway to the right of the small table holding a sculpture. Stand in front of the white chair on your left.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom. Take a right and then take another right. Enter the room on the right and wait there.
Move forward through the open door to the right.  Go down the hall and go up the staircase on the left.  Wait near the top of the stairs.
Leave the laundry room and enter the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen heading to the foyer. Stop once you enter the foyer with the round whit table.
Turn to the right and then to the right again.  Go down the hallway.  Go up the little set of stairs.  You're now in the dining room.  Wait there.
Walk straight ahead past the elevators.  When you get to the "staff only" door, stop there and wait.
Walk toward the picture of the beach and turn right into the bedroom. Go stand just inside the bathroom.
The sofa is in the lobby.
the elevators are out of it
Walk forward past the salon chair, and take a left. Take a left into the lobby. Stop once you pass the stairs.
next to the white lamp and below the painting
Go straight and slightly right toward the glass table and white chairs. Pass the table and head straight, pass the couches and go into the room straight ahead. Wait by the bed.
Walk through the kitchen, past the ovens and sink, and stop at the top of the stairs without going down.
The telephone is in a bedroom.
Exit the room. Turn left and then turn right. Go past the round carpet into the room on the right. Wait near the table and chairs.
Walk forward in the direction of the dining table. Take your second right into the TV room. Stop once you enter the room.
The cabinet is settled under a silver ship, opposite to a beige floriated sofa and near six pictures.
The doorhand is on the door, next to the bathtub.
Exit the bedroom through the doorway by the chair, then turn left at the first hallway. Stop by the bathroom door.
Leave the bedroom and take a left in the hallway then walk up the steps. Keep going straight then make a slight right and go into the bathroom and wait.
The room is along the road connecting the public sofas and the locker room and the tea room,and is opposite to a big office full of documents.
The tripod is placed next to a wall and near the gate.
The chair is in  an empty office whose number is 355.
Walk past the stairs and through the doorway, turn left into the bedroom. Wait by the bathroom door.
The bottle is set in the bright livingroom.
they are opposite the hovel, and they are place outside the bathroom in the corridor
exit bathroom to hall, turn right and continue down hall into the bedroom, Stop at the dresser.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the room. Turn right and go outside using the glass sliding doors. Wait there.
Exit the room, continue straight through the double doorway into the room with a wooden floor. Stop just inside, next to the wicker chair.
The chair is on the right side of a black bookshelf, on the left side of a black thin table under a black full-length sculpture and below two pictures.
The wooden chair is placed hard by the wallclose to brown carpet in the living roomwhich is clser to sofa.
Leave the procedure room and take a right. Enter the room directly to the right. Stand in front of the cabinet near the thermostat.
Go counter clockwise around the hallway until there is a door ahead leading to the bedroom. Stop after entering.
Walk along the balcony close to the glass railing and stop before you reach the stairs.
Turn left and go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs turn left and go down the hallway. Stop in the hallway before entering the next room.
The cabinet is between the ceiling and the refrigerator.
The home theatre is on the first floor and next to the kitchen.
Go straightly with upstairs.Then enter in to wash room.
Turn around and turn right. Turn left and then turn left again. Wait in front of the sink.
Turn to the right and go forward past the vase on the left. Continue down the hallway. Go down the stairs into the hallway with cabinets on the right side. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Wait in front of the sink.
Go down the hallway until you get to a vase that is being held by metal stand holding a brown plant and wait there.
Walk past the staircase.  Keep walking straight towards the open door.  Stop to the right of the large block of wood.
Leave this room.Turn left, then go down hallway, then turn left again. Go behind the coffee table, standing just inside the double sliding doors.
Walk down the hallway.  Past the bedroom door.  Turn to the right at the end of the hallway.  Walk into the bedroom.  Wait there next to the desk with a light on it.
Turn toward the left then walk forward keeping the table on your right. Once past the table keep going forward a few more steps and halt next to the chair with white cushions.
Exit the bathroom. Exit the bedroom through the door on the right.  Stop in the office once you are past the doorway.
Go straight and pass the couches on the left and the table on the right then go up the stairs on the right and stop on the second step to the top.
The hand door is close to the bedroom and bathroom.
Exit the room through the door near the fireplace, then wait in the dining room near the table.
The whiteboard is placed in a  big conference room.
Leave the theater and take a right in the hallway and go straight into the office and take a left into bathroom, stopping in the bathroom doorway.
Walk past the island. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn left. Turn left and stop in the doorway of the wine room.
Walk forward along the patio, and enter the house next to the pool. Go into the living room, and stop in the doorway.
walk past the fireplace and leave the dining room. In the hallway take a right. Take the next right, and stop in front of the bathroom.
The chair is set in a study.
Enter the hallway and bear to the right. go through the archway to the foot of the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop at the second step. Wait there.
Walk across the room, through the archway and wait near the mirror.
on the right of the picture, next to the washroom
Walk forward down the hallway. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Take a left into the closet. Stop next to the shelf with the gray and white basket.
The lamp is in the food bar.
Turn around and walk between the end of the bed, on the right, and the small sitting area, on the left.  Walk out the doorway between the brown curtains and go out the door on the left.  Walk straight down the hallway past the small lit Christmas tree on the left. Keep walking straight to the end of the hall and then turn right into the bedroom.  Stop when you just enter the room with the bed in front of you.
on the wall,next to the bed,above two chairs, there is a horse in the picture
Exit the bathroom by walking through the open doorway and enter the bedroom. Walk forward until you reach the corner of the bed. Continue on through the open doorway ahead of you to exit the bedroom. Take a few forward steps passed the bedroom door and stop and wait.
the living room is near a dining room and a open-balcony.
Walk forward through the hallway, and enter the bedroom.  Wait beside the black desk.
Walk up the stairs and proceed to the kitchen on your left.  Walk through the kitchen to the dining room. Wait by the table.
Leave the bathroom and take the first left once you are in the main room. Stop in the doorway to the stair area.
Walk across dining room, turn right into hall and wait at wolf painting.
Walk  past the office desk out into the middle of the large room. Pass by the other desks and through the large ceiling arches to the left. Go around the tables and walk into the stone hallway straight ahead with large silver air vent along the ceiling.
in front of two elevators, next to a door
The flower is put in the vase facing the balcony in the kitchen.
Walk out the door to your right. Once out, turn left and then left again to enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the sinks.
Turn left and walk through the dining room. Continue walking straight through the living room until you reach the wall.  Turn left through the doorway and stop.
Leave the bedroom and enter the hall. Go straight and enter through the swinging doors. Enter the bedroom on the left, and stop.
Go down the stairs. Turn left and head straight past the couches and the bar with the stools. Wait near the glass sliding doors leading to the patio.
Take a right past the guitar and go to the bathroom that is the second door on the right.
Exit bedroom to entry and turn left. Go through glass door and stop next to red art piece.
The switch is on the wall in a bedroom.
Enter the building, walk past the siting and dining area to the front door. Wait outside the front door.
Walk up the stairs. Walk straight and then enter the first door on your right. Walk straight until you are in the room facing the table on the large rug and stop.
Exit bathroom and turn right. Go through second door on the right and stop.
With the swing behind you, walk forward and to the left to enter the dining room. Turn further left and start walking towards the fireplace. Before reaching the fireplace, veer right and go through the double doors to the right of the fireplace.
The plant is set in the middle of the balcony.
The office is at the corner is at the corner of the three fork road  and opposite to the room 356.
Exit closet to bathroom, turn right into bedroom. Turn left and go through sliding door to outside and stop by couch.
Walk forward towards the gray chair. Turn right and continue down the hallway. Walk up the stairs and wait near the bathroom on the left.
With the stairs leading downwards behind you, enter the room and turn ninety degrees to the right. Move forward and then continue to the left. Pass by the curtained divider on your left and the bed on your left until you have to take a step upwards, leaving the purple floor and standing on a light grey floor of a bathing area.
walking away from the backyard, walk into the house and make a left towards the stove. Walk out of the kitchen into the living area where the black table and light grey couches are. Make a right towards the stairs. Climb to the very top of the landing up the stairs and stand near the bar area and sculpture.
Walk into the house and through the doorway past the shelf. Go straight past the benches and walk left of the table through the doorway. Turn right and step into the bathroom and stop.
Walk forward past the dining table on the right and into the kitchen. Walk straight in the kitchen between the counters. At the microwave take a left at the end of the kitchen, and a right into the pantry. Stop inside the pantry next to the door.
The chair is on the left side of a black bookshelf under a sculpture and two photos, on the right side of a same chair and below two pictures.
Walk through the doorway, walk down the hallway past the exercise equipment, stop when you reach the yellow floor sign.
Walk down the hall and to the right. Stop inside the bathroom.
next to a glass and a toiletries, in front of a towel rack
Walk towards the bed and exit through the bedroom door.  Make an immediate right, and enter the bedroom.  Wait beside the lamp.
on the left of a long wooden desk and towards the corridor door
Go up the right staircase and stop once you reach the top.
Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Walk to the forward through the bedroom to the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet.
Walk out of the closet towards the kitchen and turn left, walk past the stove and island and turn left. Walk between the table on your right and small couch on the left towards the staircase, Turn left and another left through the glass door to the wine room and stop.
Go straight down the hallway and stop in front of the second door to the left.
Walk down the hallway then before you get to the stairs turn right and go into the room then turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
The chair is near a kitchen.
Enter the house through the living room. Walk past the tables, and couches, and go right. Stop in front of the large wooden doors under the stairs.
Walk to the right side of the bathroom and exit the wood door past the sinks. Stop right outside of the wood door.
The area is next to the corridor and another bedroom.
The chair is the fifth one in a row of chairs from left to right while facing to the chairs, behind a brown wooden desk and in front of a window.
Go around the table, past the bookshelves and exit from the doors to the left. Continue straight and stop before entering the kitchen.
Go to the right passed the table and enter the doorway. Turn right and go towards the tiled room. Turn right and go through the large door. Stop in the hallway.
Turn around. Walk through the door to your left. Walk around the bed and stop facing into the bath room where you can see the mirror, sink and toilet as well as still see the tub in the room.
Walk past the fireplace and through the entryway to the right of the television. Walk right down the hallway and turn left at the elevator and stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
The telephone is next to a metal lamp and opposite to a electronic keyboard.
This area has some brown cabinets and red cabinets.
Exit the room. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
picture  near the corridor connecting the gym
Exit the bedroom and turn left at the double doors. Wait in the bathroom at the end of the hall.
Walk around kitchen island and wait by sink.
Go to the left side of the dining table. Go to the vase on the floor. Go into the room next to the vase on the floor.
Walk out of the room with the mechanical devices. Walk down the hall over the mosaic tile and through the first open door to left that has the two massage beds inside.
across from the bed and next to the wall
Walk into the bedroom that is right of the tapestry.  Walk past the bed and walk into the bathroom.  Stop after passing through the doorway.
Walk straight and go out the wood door to your left. Once out, keep walking straight across the room. Once you reach the wall in front of you, turn left and stop in the doorway to the room with 2 large chairs.
Go through the doorway that is in the direction going between the couch and bar. Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go to the ottoman in front of the brown couch.
Enter the room with the white table. Next turn right and walk towards the leather couches.  Turn left, and wait outside by sliding glass door.
The sofa is in the corridor and a rest area.
Take a left past the balcony, and enter the kitchen. Walk through, and into the dining area. Stop outside of the door to the bathroom.
Walk straight then turn slightly right and go into the room on the left. Go all the way straight until you get to a door on the left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Turn to the right. Walk in between the counter and table and chairs. Walk to the left of the bar ahead. Wait in the entry way of the garage.
Turn right and walk all the way down the hall. Wait beside the white wardrobe.
Go inside and walk past the bath tub.  Turn left at the sink and walk into the next room towards the closet.
Walk straight all the way until you get to large glass double doors. Over the door it will say "ballroom meeting room" .Go inside and wait there.
Leave toilet to bathroom, turn slight right enter bedroom, Walk to right side of bed. Turn right into closet and stop.
The sofa is set in the hall.
walk away from the fireplace, around the couches and through the doorway on the right. continue down the hallway, there will be a doorway on your right, walk into the bedroom, past the foot of the bed and through the doorway on the left, enter the bathroom and stop.
walk straight and turn left beside the counter, exit the room to the right, turn left and walk down the hallway through the archway, turn right into the bathroom, and stop inside the doorway.
There are two tables, sofa and recliner in the room.
under the stone table, among three stools and in the middle of the two stools
Walk around the pool and go into the house through the door on the left. Stop once you enter the house, and are past the door.
Head straight ahead past the table. Go through doorway. Stop at doorway to bathroom.
Head to the foot of the bed and exit the bedroom via the doorway at the far left corner of the room from where you started. Continue down the hallway staying close to the left hand wall until you can make a sharp left hand turn. There will be a sign straight ahead with a quote from Matthew 18:20. Go right from there into the laundry room.
Walk right past the stairs. Stop in the entryway at the end of the hall.
Enter the house and take a right. Go straight into the kitchen at the end of the hall. Stop behind the first dining chair you come to.
exit bathroom to bedroom on left, turn right and walk to doorway. Stop just before exit at the light switch.
This area is close to the wall with some pictures .
Finish going up the stairs and turn left.  Keep going and stop in the doorway of the room with the bench near the table with a potted plant on it.
a room for massage;
At the bottom of the stairs, turn left and keep walking straight pass the kitchen and sitting area.  Walk outside and stop on the doorway to the patio.
Take a right down the lane through the two sets of pews, walk towards the left corner of the church and stop at the one step.
Walk through the hallway passed the shelf with a written sign in a frame. Walk into the room at the end and turn the corner to walk towards the bedrooms. Walk into the bedroom with boys bed and ceiling fan.
The bedroom is behind a blue wall painting and near the stairs on the third floor.
After you leave the sitting area you need to make a left in the hallway and walk to the stairs. When you get to the stairs walk to the second step and wait.
The stool is in front of two small single rooms and behind the food bar.
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and sixth from left
Turn right. Enter the bedroom and then enter the bathroom. Wait in front of the sink.
Turn towards dining room table on left. Turn towards pool on left. Walk past outdoor love seat on left. Walk past hot tub on right. Walk to beige floor rug on the right. Wait at corner of beige woven rug under coffee table.
Go through the living room, and up the two stairs to the foyer. Stop at the top of the stairs next to the pillar on the right.
The chair is in a corridor on the second floor.
Turn around and exit the door to the right side of the bed. Once out, turn right an walk all the way down the hallway. Turn left at the end and stop once you enter the room and the blue couch is to your right.
The chandelier is located in a gymnasium.
Go down the hallway to the right side of the staircase. Go all the way to the bedroom door on the right side and stop there.
Cross by the couch and stop.
The vase is settled on a brown table and near a brown sink.
Walk past the wall with the dartboard into the hallway with the painting. Continue forward into the next room with the room. Walk along the banister railing and continue past the armchairs. Follow the banister railing to the end of the railing near the staircase. Stop near the staircase. Walk into the open door opposite the stairwell which has a washing machine and sink.
Turn from the desk and walk down the hallway, with the fireplace on your right and the side chair on your left.  Continue walking down the hallway, with the railing on your right.  Go to the first door on your left, walk through the doorway, and stop once enter the bedroom.
The sink is in a kitchen.
Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to the "Exit" sign and wait there.
next to the vase, above the sank
The cabinet is settled in a toilet.
Go up the stairs after going up the first set of stairs go up the second and stop at the step fourth from the top.
exit laundry room to hall, turn left walk straight towards kitchen, stop in kitchen archway.
Turn left and go into the hallway then turn left and turn left again. Then stop right before the sinks.
Walk towards the end of the table and turn right when you get to the end of the table. Walk to the room with the couch then turn right. Wait behind the middle of the couch.
Exit empty room with fireplace, turn left to outside porch. Turn right through double doors back into the house. Stop in study next to desk.
Wall in the living room.
Walk down the hall through the arched entry way into the front room with sofas and lounge chairs.Turn the corner and walk through the open door into the gym area.
Walk past the chair and then to the doorway. Go through the doorway and take a left into the green room. Go straight through the green room and then go straight to to the other side. Enter the red room. You have arrived.
Walk out into the hallway, turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop after entering the door.
Turn right and go down the hallway.  Go past the couch.  Stop and wait right by the pillar.
Walk up small set of steps.  Turn right and walk down corridor with large white vase.  Continue straight until you reach the mirror and urn sitting on table.  Make a left.  Wait on stairs.
Go upstairs. Locate the drumset and travel toward it.
Head down the hallway past the thermostat and the five black and white pictures hanging on the wall.  Stop when you reach the two open doorways.
The carbinet is near a bathroom.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Go through the doorway directly ahead into the bedroom. Go past the bed to the archway on the right. Pass through the archway and stop in front of the toilet .
The living room is on the first floor and has a big sofa on the carpet.
opposite a brown cabinet; below a sink;
Walk past the ottoman on the right. Exit the bedroom, and make a right. Walk past the five portraits on the wall to the left. Enter the bedroom straight ahead, and wait near the chair.
Exit the office through the door straight ahead. Wait on the other side of the doorway in front of you.
TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU ARE FACING A BALCONY WALKWAY WITH THE HOUSE TO THE RIGHT, WALK DOWN THE BALCONY PATH PAST A WHITE WING-BACKED CHAIR AND SEVERAL POTTED  PLANTS,  STOP AT A SMALL BLACK TABLE WITH 2 METAL CHAIRS.
Go into the kitchen and walk right.  Turn right at the round table and walk towards the closed front door.  Go through the door to the left of the front door and stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
From stairs, walk down hallway turn right into bedroom.
Exit the bedroom and turn left Follow the corridor and stop before reaching the fireplace. Wait there.
The sculpture is in a dining room.
Walk straight down the hall until you reach the digital thermostat on your left.
With the bed to your immediate left, walk forward to exit the bedroom. After leaving bedroom, head to the stairs on your left and climb the first flight, stopping on the last step prior to the first landing.
walk straight then turn right, go up the small stair then enter the living room.
Exit the room and walk towards the armchairs.Turn left, and leave the room through the archway towards the dining room. Exit that room and go into the kitchen. Stop in front of the granite counter top.
The picture is placed on the wall on the opposite of the sofa in the living room.
Walk past the foot of the bed and pass the armchairs against the wall. Continue to through the door into the hallway. Walk down the hall and around the corner passing the hanging wall art towards the nook with arm chairs and fireplace.
Walk through the kitchen. Go past the sink and stove stand in front of the dining table on the bench side.
Go upstairs, make a left, into the bathroom doorway and go to the second doorway in the bathroom and wait.
Turn around and go past the two chairs.  Jump the rope.  And then go straight on down the runner rug.  Turn left at the marble staircase and go to the top of that.  Then wait.
TURN AROUND AND GO OUT THE DOUBLE DOORS UP THE STAIRS.  GO DOWN THE HALL TO THE DOOR ON THE RIGHT PAST THE PICTURE ON THE WALL.
Exit the bathroom and go slightly left through the second door across the hall. Walk through the double doors on the left. Enter the first door on the right and wait inside near the sitting area.
Exit the living room, and walk into the foyer. Walk up the stairs, and wait at the top of the landing.
The area is next to the living room and on the second floor.
Turn around and head up the hallway and go past the dining room. Make a right turn and go through the open door at the foot of the stairs. Make a left and go through the large arch past the silver mirror. Wait at the corner of the couch.
With the half bath on your right, move forward into the kitchen. After passing the desk on your left, turn left and enter the room. Immediately turn right and walk to stand in front of the fireplace.
The sofa is near a bedroom.
Walk down hallway passed fireplace. Continue down hallway passed white banquet table. Stop where the wood floor turns into tile.
face a glass door, in front of a mirror
The towel is hanging on the iron ring above the sink.
The painting is near a kitchen.
Leave the room and walk straight down the hall and turn left at the end.  After taking a few steps, turn right and enter the closet.  Stop just after stepping into this room.
Exit the bedroom, veer left, then make an immediate right. Proceed to the living room and wait near the rug.
Walk down the hallway. Walk past the chair and the railing. Turn right and walk into the laundry room and stop.
Go through the doorway, make two rights through the doorway, go into the room and wait.
The mirror is located on the wall , at a corner of the bathroom.
Head towards the three lounge chairs, turn right before you reach them and face the restroom.
Walk straight and into the hallway. Turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Walk in the hallway and turn right.  Walk straight, over the glass floor, and stop just before the entrance to two bedrooms.
Leave the closet and the bathroom and go out of the bedroom into the hallway. In the hallway go past the pool table and stairs and go straight through the archway, and stop in front of the light switch.
the laundry room is in the washroom,which is near a corridor and a rest room
Go up the stairs on the right. Turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait there.
Go straight toward the two round tables. When you get to the first round table make a right u turn and to into the room your left. Go straight into the room and wait near the bed.
on the left side of the counter,behind the document holder and in front of a chair
Walk forward and exit the bathroom. Once you exit, turn right and enter the bedroom. Once you reach the bed, walk to the right side of the bed and exit our the door on the right. Stop once you enter and are facing the sitting room.
facing the desk, on the sofa
The photo is set near a colorful photo, above a pink box and near a black fitness equipment.
The bed is near a toilet and a laundry.
Enter the kitchen, then follow the left wall until you find a door. Go through the door, and stop when you reach the dining room entrance.
on the white table, next to the French window, in front of the sofa
The decorations are hanging in a gymnasium.
over the table and flowers
The lamp is settled in the corner of a bedroom on the second floor.
Walk out of the room and into the hallway taking a left down the hallway and a left into the the room and through it and left and stop at the top of the stairs.
Go past the white chairs on the left and into the kitchen. Right before you get to the fridge turn right and then turn left and wait right by the door on the left.
Head in towards the pool and turn left, to pass by the pool with the pool towards your right. Continue forward and take a dogleg to the right to enter an alcove with a door to your left and an other door to your right, both leading to a massage room.
Turn around and walk through the small hallway. Once in the next room, walk to the other side and enter the door on the far left. Stop before you reach the double doors on your right.
Walk forward in the hallway towards the French doors. Walk through the French doors and take a right down the hallway. In the hallway walk forwards and take a right. Walk down the hallway and take a right into the bedroom. In the bedroom stop just inside the doorway.
Stand with the stairs on your left and walk straight along the pathway.  Turn right when the walkway branches off that way and walk past the pillars and sitting area outside and into the building.  Stop just after stepping into the building, near a sofa in front of a fireplace.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom. Take a right and walk out of the bedroom. Take a right and wait next to the counter.
hung on the wall, next to the toilet
There is a glass door close to the bookcase , and a carpet put close to the leopard print sofa.
Go out the door on your left and out into the hallway  Turn left and go down another hallway head straight into the room ahead and stop right before the table with 2 green chairs.
Go straight down the hallway until you get to the door on the end. Wait there.
Tap in the kitchen
Turn around and walk into the bedroom area with side table and lamp. Turn and walk through the door into the hallway leading to the office area. Walk through the office and out the door into the long hallway with paintings.
Walk out of the bedroom and make a sharp turn right. Stop just inside the laundry room.
Cross the room and go up the steps. Wait through the door on the left.
The mirror is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
Go past the table and chairs and go straight slightly right. Pass the bar with the stool/chairs and then turn left and stand near the stove.
Walk outside and then straight down the walkway.  Keep going until you are in front of the door on the opposite side.  Step on the first stepping stone on the right just before the door.
Go straight until you go out two double doors that lead to outside. Wait there.
Turn 45 degrees to your and move into the bedroom. Move forward with the bed to your right. Go toward the doorway with the white chair and footstool to your right. Pass through the doorway and turn 45 degrees to the left. Move forward with the glass railing to your right. Pass through the doorway and turn to your left when you reach the large artwork on the wall. Move through the bedroom with the bed on your right and the black chair and footstool on your left. Stop when you reach the entryway to the outside patio.
Exit the room and go through the doors on the left. Stop on the landing, at the top of the steps.
Exit the bathroom and turn left, going through the living area, then take a right and enter the bedroom, stopping in the doorway.
Walk up steps down hall. turn left at stairs and go up them. Turn left and stop in kitchen.
Go up the stairs on your left and wait at the top.
Exit the bedroom to the door on the left. Take a left into the kitchen. Exit the kitchen to the first door on the left. Wait at the chairs.
Walk down the stairs.
next to a switch and curtain
The sofa is near a big beige sofa, near a small lamp and near a wooden and vitreous desk.
Go through the dining area and wait to the right of the wooden end table and love seat.
Exit the office and turn right. Pass the exit sign and head straight until you get to office #308. Go into that office and wait by the round table.
The pool is next to a corridor.
turn back and walk straight and near char.
Go through the doors passed the bar and then to the left by the table and go straight.
The bottle is set in the spacious livingroom.
Walk out into the hall and left past the doorway. Walk down the hall and stop under the exit sign.
The television is near a bedroom.
Walk into the kitchen and take the first right into the dining room. Walk to the end of the room and take your first right into the sitting room. In the sitting room. In the sitting room take a right into the bathroom, stop in front of the sink.
Leave the bathroom and take a left onto the balcony. Walk left on the deck and go down the first set of stairs.Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk out of the bathroom and walk right past the oven and through the kitchen. Walk past the refrigerator and turn right and stop.
The book is in the vast resting area.
Walk down the wooden floor hall with a large mirror on the wall to the right until you reach the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop before the black desk on the right wall.
Go into the bedroom and to the right of the yellow lounge chairs, go through the room to the right of the yellow lounge chairs and continue to the right of the bed and passed the bed, take a step up into the bathroom and then stop.
The double bed is set in the master bedroom.
Walk between the couch and the dining room table and chairs. Stop behind the outdoor chair.
Walk down the walkway outside going towards the pool.  Go left when you reach the pool and stop a few steps away before entering the building.
Turn to the right and walk past the open doors on the left. Walk forward and turn left. Wait by the black padded chair.
Exit the bathroom through the open door.  After you exit, make an extreme left turn and walk through the leftmost door.  Enter through the door.  Wait beside the latticed wooden structure.
There is a cooktop next to the cabinet, and there are knives below
With the iron vine art on your left, walk straight.  Pass the square floor mosaic and go into the first room on the right on the opposite wall from the hallway.  Stop in the doorway of this room with the bed with the light.
With the walk in closet directly behind you, go through the opening towards your left, then a few steps later, exit the bedroom through the door opening towards your right. In the hallway, turn right leaving the mirror on your left and continue down the hallway until the floor changes from stone tile to carpet at the entrance to the exercise room.
walk away from movie room towards couch, turn right before hardwood floor and walk down hallway, take first left, stop in doorway to bedroom.
Go through the door to the right into the bathroom. Take a left out into the hall, and go down the stairs to the right. Turn left into the first bedroom and stop once you reach the rug.
The stool is on the left of a same stool , on the right of a desk and a rustbin and behind the door.
Walk straight ahead across the room. Go past the kitchen area all the way to you reach the door straight ahead. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
beside a switch;below a mirror with double frames.
The power switch is placed on the wall.
The bar is in front of the vast resting area and towards the service desk and near some meeting offices.
The balcony is next to the washroom, next to the roof and outside the bedroom.
Go passed the railing to the right and go straight through the room to the left of the room, turn left into the archway passed the chairs and stop when in between the two doorways.
The shower is in a small and bright bashroom.
Go around the pool and stop.
Walk down the hall, past the fireplace and into the bathroom. Wait in front of the sink.
Go to the doorway past the two lamps. Enter the room with the stairs and turn right. Go in to the room with the blue couch and stand at the edge of the rug.
Turn right and go through the door. Turn left down the hallway, turn left again, and go in through the door to the right of the bathroom.
Go left between the pool and the chairs and stop once you reach the door.
Go pass the couch and the dining table. Go towards the bar and turn left. Then stop in the hall next to the thermostat.
Walk through the open doors towards the glass back house door. Turn left and walk down the hallway passed the paintings. Walk around the corner to the left through the open door into the bedroom.
Go straight across the dining room into the beige doorway and then straight again into a second doorway and a bedroom and then stop.
Turn left and follow the blue placemats until you reach the open doors in front of you. Go into the building and walk to the left of the table until you pass it. Wait in front of the doors.
Exit through the door and turn left. Walk through the next area with the bathtub on the right and wait at the entrance to the bedroom.
Go to the den area that is located past the statue of the pregnant woman.
Walk out of the bathroom, turn left, and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Go around the bed and go through the door the exits the bedroom and leads to the kitchen. Exit the bedroom and wait in the hall just outside the bedroom and next to the door on the left.
Go left and then proceed through the wooden door at the end of the hallway. Stop once you reach the pool table.
Exit the bedroom through the doorway on the left, make a left and straight and through the doorway straight through the room, step near the sink and stop.
Exit the kitchen, then turn ninety degrees to the right. Enter the half bath that's to the left of the stairs leading downwards.
Go to the right, passed the desks and stop next to the shelf.
Turn around. Go forward towards water fountain. In front of water foundation, turn right and go through doorway. Move to forward towards the left between the 2 tables.
Go up the stairs then turn left and walk toward the white table and chairs then turn left and stop by the large wood table with white chairs.
on the wallpaper; opposite a wall with a mirror.
at the corner of the room
Proceed through the doorway and turn to the right.  Go past the table and chairs.  Turn more to the right and go through the double doors, past the workout machines.  Turn right again and then stop by the chair.  Wait there.
Turn left into kitchen. Walk towards oven and turn right. Go straight through doorway and wait in front of sink.
Turn to your left and walk forward past the the dresser to the entrance on your left which is across from the piano.  Walk to the bottom step of the stairs.
Turn around and go straight. Take a left at the wall and go straight.
Walk forward by the counter and turn left. Walk into the kitchen area and turn left at the island. Walk past the refrigerator into the hallway and stop.
With the pool to your right, start walking forward and slightly to the left, climbing three steps, and arriving at the base of the spiral staircase.
Exit the bedroom. Walk past the office on the right. Walk up stairs.Walk across landing. Wait near eight framed landscape photos.
The shower room is inside of the bathroom.
Walk upstairs, turn right, walk all the way across the dining room into the next room and wait in the small seating area by the rug.
The box is set on a yellow box in a shelf.
between a tall shelf and a door, in front of a table
Leave the bathroom and take a right. Walk down the hall and up the stairs. Leave the house through the main door and stop.
Turn left. Go up the three steps. Turn left and go into the room. Wait near the mirror on the left.
Exit the really nice closet, walk down the hallway. Then turn left and walk into the extra nice closet on your right. Wait near the hand bags.
Walk into the house and turn left. Continue into the main room, past the first set of stairs and the glass table.  Turn left past the glass table, walk up two steps and wait there.
Walk straight ahead and down the white hallway. At the end, turn left to enter the kitchen. Turn right and walk towards the sitting area. Once you reach the couch, turn right and stop when you enter the hallway.
Go the right and down the stair case. go to the next stair case and go up it. Stop at the landing.
Exit the bathroom.  Turn right and exit the bedroom. Walk past the backside of the green sofa and turn left. Walk forward and wait on the edge of the gray carpet next to the cowhide cube.
The book is on the left of the counter and faces the entrance and the food bar at a slant.
Walk across the bedroom with the bed on your right as you pass it.  Leave the bedroom by the doorway in front of you.  Pass the blonde wood closet doors, and go through the open doorway on your left side.  Stop next to the dining table, which will be on your right.
Go through the bedroom exiting through the door by the nightstand. Turn right and go into the other bedroom. Walk towards the bed and stand by the white nightstand.
Turn slightly right and head up the first set of three stairs. At the top turn right and go through the doorway. Turn right again and stop at the large column and the couch on the wood floor.
Turn left to go to the palm tree. Continue past the second palm tree and turn right. Take a left and go through the door. Turn right and go straight until you reach the first lamp.
Walk to the front entrance of the house and stop in front of the gate.
Walk through the door to your right, and turn left and go around the corner down the hallway. Go through the right door at the end of the hall and stop.
The book is set on a red bench in front of a stone pillar.
Go past the ladies room down the long hallway, past the elevators, and stop when you reach a door that says staff only on the right.
Walk forward and then turn right. Walk forward til you reach the double doors and wait.
face the window, next to the door, on the armoire
Go straight into the door in the middle and wait by the fireplace.
The vase is placed in the corner of a kitchen with wood floor on the first floor.
Turn left and go out the door on your right then turn right and go into the room next door. Wait at the entrance.
A living room is next to the bedroom
The power switch is placed next to the picture facing the bed.
The telephone is near a corridor and a kitchen.
next to the sofa, on the woody table
Turn around 180 degrees and walk forward into the bathroom. turn left to the shower and wait at the open door.
beside the bed, next to the window
Leave the bathroom, and take a left. Enter the massage room through the door to the left of the stationary bike. Stand between the two beds at the foot of the bed.
Go between the table and the couch and straight on, go slight left through the double glass door, go straight through the brown double door, go slight left to the left of the circle table, go through the sliding glass doors and take a few steps in and then stop.
Turn left and exit the room out the wood doors. Go across the next room and enter the door to the far left. Walk forward and stop when you reach the large rug.
surrounded by a bed and a bathtub
Head past the white couch and table toward the wide white stairs.  Stop in front of the winding staircase.
Descend the stairs, go to the right and enter the first door on the right. Enter the washroom and stop.
walk through the sliding glass door to the right of the dining table, continue straight but slightly right and walk into the bedroom, continue straight past the bed and turn left, walk into the doorway of the bathroom and stop.
Go down the hallway to your right. Take a left at the intersection in the hallway. Stop once you take the left.
Exit the room using the door on the right then turn left and then turn right on and go up one step on the stairs then stop there.
walk away from the chair, past the bed and through the doorway, turn right in the hallway continue straight walk through the doorway on the left, enter the bedroom and stop on the carpet.
The plant is in a big resting area.
there is a study room near the balcony and there is a stair in the study room
Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk through the doorway on the left and turn right. Step into the doorway and stop.
Leave the restroom and walk out of the door. Make a left and walk right in front of the fireplace.
The sink is settled in the corner of a bathroom on the second floor.
The computer is in an office that has the number 357
Exit the kitchen through the arched doorway, walk down the hallway to the slight right, walk to the door, turn slight right to enter the office, wait by the desk.
Go out of the bedroom and into the hallway.  Walk until you reach the bottom of the stairwell.
The single sofa is placed close to the glass door ,which is placed near another same sofa in the living room.
Head straight down the hallway to the third door on the left. Stop in the bathroom and wait near the partition.
Turn slightly right and walk towards the wood looking wall across the hallway. Turn left and walk thorough the hallway turning right at the corner. Walk through the doorway left of the balcony. Wait there.
the sofa is in the center of the room
Exit the entryway, turn right, walk through the sitting room, walk through the kitchen, enter the bedroom, wait at the table with the bird sculpture.
The table is placed facing the balcony.
The chair is opposite to the same chair, before a window and on the left side of a brown table.
Walk on carpet, past the bed, go out double doors and wait by wine rack.
The book is set at the corner near a stone pillar.
Stand so the "PGI Homes" mats are in front of you and walk straight.  Stop just after stepping inside.
facing a wall, under a shelter
Exit the room and turn right. Continue down the hall and through the double doors. Go to the second room on the right and wait in the doorway.
Leave the library. Stop in the library doorway.
TURN RIGHT TO FACE A HALLWAY WITH A PICTURE ON THE RIGHT AND AN OPENING ON THE LEFT, WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY PAST THE OPENING ON THE LEFT, CONTINUE FORWARD DOWN THE HALL PAST THE BLACK COUCH ON THE RIGHT AND STOP AT THE END OF THE COUCH NEAR A PILLAR ON THE RIGHT.
Turn right, and walk forward. Pass the bed on the right, and walk forward towards the right door entrance. Enter the room, and stop there.
Proceed straight through wooden door. Turn left and enter doorway immediately at your left. Stay to the left and walk straight past wooden rock and plant display and towards sinks. Wait behind metal trashcan and next to corner of rock   and plant display.
In front the stool  is a dining table with a set of cutlery on it
there is study next to the dinning room
Go Straight in the house all the way to the mirror then take a left and once you come to your first door take a right and stop right in the middle of the doorway.
The chair lies  near the corridor and is set on a carpet
Go through the doorway. Turn left and go through the door to the white rug. Go to the top of the stiars. Continue past the stairs and go right. Follow the white rug to the doorway on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Go towards the pool and then go to the left of the pool, go straight towards the diamond shape on the wall, turn right through the way and then left, and stop near the plant.
Go down the hallway on the right.  Turn right and stop in front of the marble and gold coffee table.
Go past the second sink and out the door. Walk down the hall into the closet and stop there.
exit the bathroom go. Move forward til you are by the second chair.
The picture is above the vase and the table.
Go straight passed the furniture and up the first couple steps.
The chair is in the middle of the two tables.
The sofa is opposite to a white corridor.
turn left, walk up stairs, stop beside the table with the lamp.
Walk straight toward the couches. Pass the couches and go up two steps on the stairs straight ahead.
The door was close to the switch.
Go straight through the door, take a left, and then take your first right before stopping.
Turn to the right and walk around the table and chairs.  go through the double doors.  Walk to the right and go past the "Current" photo on the wall.  You're in a hallway.  Stop before you get to the rug. Wait.
Go down the long hall past the living room and kitchen. Continue down the hall and stop before you enter the room at the end.
The power switch is next to the stairs and the picture.
Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the ovens. Go right in the dining room, and take a left at the patio door. take the first left into the hallway, and stop outside of the bathroom.
Exit the bedroom area. Follow the hallway to the first door on the left. Go through the door to the outdoor area. Go forward toward the pillar. Take a slight left and enter the house through the sliding door. Stop there.
Go into the room with the piano. Go through the rectangular door on the left and into the room with the fireplace.
Exit the room. Turn left then turn left again and wait near the pool table.
Exit the bathroom, then go forward and exit the bedroom, turn right and go to the outdoor area, stop by the doors.
Walk toward the stairs. Walk down the stairs and stop on the landing.
Leave the closet and enter the bedroom. Take a left at the bed, and go into the bathroom ahead. Stop once you are in the bathroom.
There is a cyan carpet on the left of the vase and water pipes on the right of it.
Walk past the dining room table and the television. Make a sharp turn left through the doorway and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The reception is opposite to the entrance,in front of the resting area and the food bar.
Walk toward the desk with two cushions in front of it.  Turn left to walk toward the doorway.  Turn right to go out the doorwaya nd walk toward the stairs.  Go downstairs and stop on the third stair.
Walk down the hall and turn right by the stairs. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Go forward and then right around the blue basket ball court.  Wait at the end of the court by the basket ball goal.
Turn left. Wait next to the chair with the white cushions to the left.
Turn around and enter the kitchen area. Turn left into the room with the cabinets and cupboards and wait there.
Turn right and then turn left to exit the kitchen. Walk straight until you get near the round table and chairs and wait there.
Walk out of the bathroom and then turn left. Turn right and walk down the hallway. Turn left at the entrance to the staircase and then wait once in front of the door on the left.
Leave the room and travel down the narrow hallway.  Turn right by the sink and wait in the bathroom.
Walk straight down the hallway passing a love seat on your right. Turn right at the first doorway after you pass a large mirror on the left. Enter the doorway then wait.
Exit bedroom and continue straight down hallway.  Turn right at the end of the hallway. Walk through the door and turn right. Go down two steps and stop at the bottom of the steps.
Turn right and walk through the kitchen.  Then turn left and enter the second kitchen.
Move straight past the wooden room divider, then make a sharp right into the doorway of the kitchen. Wait in the doorway.
on the first floor of the cup holder, on the left of the right dish
Turn left. Turn left again into the doorway across from the beige floor rug. Make another left down the left side of the beige rug. Go to the room beyond the wide brown door frame.
the bedroom is next to a open-balcony and  a living room.
The mirror is next to the bathroom on the opposite of the bedroom door in the bedroom.
Walk forward and into the large room ahead. Once in, turn left and walk past all the desk to the other side. Stop past the last desk before you make it to the steps.
Follow red carpet, turn right at chandileir, wait at top of stairs.
At the bottom of the stairs take a left and follow the stone floor. Walk toward the basketball hoop and stop in the rocks and wait.
Walk to the right down the balcony, passing the white chair on your left, and enter the sitting room. In the sitting room take a right and stop in front of the first large brown leather chair.
Go to the right of the table, turn right through the sliding doors, go towards the door leading outside and take a right, go passed the chairs on the left and take a few steps down the walkway and stop.
Walk down hall, stop at 2nd door on the left.
The vase is close to the toilet and the bedroom.
The light is on the right of the morror and above the sink.
Go straight past the counter on the left and the oven on the right. Continue through the doorway into the room with lighter wood flooring. Turn left and go through the exterior door.
The chair is set in the bright dining room.
Exit the room, go slight right and up the stairs, at the level turn left and take a few steps up and stop.
The stool is set in the kitchen.
The dining room is next to a kitchen and there is a road outside.
Walk out of the room and head into the door on the left of the stairs. In the room take a left and a right. Take another right into the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet.
After you leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom turn left and walk out the bedroom. When you are in the hallway make a left and walk to the second room on the right. Now go into the room and wait just inside the doorway.
Exit the room using the door on the right then turn left and go into the room on the right. Wait by the sink.
The hinge is on a wall in a washroom.
next to the glass door, on the left of the door when facing the balcony.
walk past the coffee table.Take a left in front of the TV. Walk through the doorway and wait there.
Walk through the den past the Christmas trees and enter the dinning room. Wait near the table.
The bedroom is near the stairs and the bathroom.
walk down the hallway past the front desk in between the pots and stop by the glass doors.
Walk through door on the left and make a left. Walk into room and wait at bathroom doorway.
Go out the door on your right. Go up the steps to the landing. Walk to the middle of the landing, then stop.
Exit the closet. Take a right out of the bedroom. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Move forward past the chairs, the table, and the fireplace, and wait by the flower bouquet.
The picture is hanging in the corridor.
Walk straight and past the bar. When you pass the table and chairs and get near the fireplace turn left into the hallway. Wait there.
Head downstairs and stop in the bedroom across the hall.
on the handle, above the toilet
The tapestry is near a bedroom and a living room.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Proceed down the hall and enter the kitchen. Turn right and enter the mini kitchen.
Walk past the bed. Wait on the balcony.
Walk past the double loveseats. Walk past the wagon wheel chandelier hanging from the ceiling. Walk past the stairs to the left. Wait on the area rug.
Walk out the door to the right of the bathtub. Once out, turn right and walk across the bedroom. Exit out the door on the right. Once out, turn left and walk to the end of the hallway. At the end, turn left and then enter the first door on your right and stop.
Go inside. Turn left and go past the couches. Turn left and then turn right into the room on the right. Wait near the couch.
The picture is in the first row and the third column of the six pictures and above a cabinet with a silver ship.
The closetool is near a study.
The curtain is in a small study.
Walk down the corridor and wait through the double doors to the dining room.
Exit the room and wait immediately outside in the hallway.
next to the washbasin, over against the bed
Go forward so that you line up with the pool. Towards the middle of the pool turn right to be between two chairs. Continue forward until you reach the stairs.
Turn around. Enter door. Go left. Enter kitchen. Take door on right. Go forward. Enter door on left.
Wait at the last doorway on the right.
The fan is located at the ceiling of the bedroom.
The livingroom is beside the stairs, on the third floor and next to a kitchen.
Walk out of the closet,and exit through the door. Turn left, and stop at the entrance of the other room.
walk towards the door passing the painting on the left hand side of the wall. Turn left  down the hallway passing the laundry room on your left and keep going down the hallway and make a left into the first room on your left hand side. you just arrived into the  bedroom.
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Go past the front door and continue until you reach the shelf on the right side with an animal statue and stop.
The microwave oven is near a corridor on the first floor.
Exit the bedroom. Turn left. Start down the stairs and stop one step down.
exit sitting room to hall, turn hard right into adjacent hallway, continue straight down hallway to perfume room. stop before rug and big blue ottoman.
Exit the bathroom and go around the bed with the bed on your right, exiting the bedroom at the far right corner. Continue down the hallway until you reach the stairs leading down towards your right.
Exit laundry room to hallway Turn left and walk down hallway to large mirror. Turn right into kitchen and right again stopping between two counters before stove.
Exit the bathroom, turn right, go up the stairs, wait at the door to the left of the top of the stairs.
The curtain is hanging in a study.
Walk  past the dining table along the granite counter top. Walk through the kitchen past the sink and towards the outdoor patio and stop near the outdoor sofas.
the living room is near the dining room and the kitchen
Walk into the foyer. Go through the archway on the right heading towards the patio. Stop in front of the patio doors.
Exit the living area and go toward the dining table. Continue forward toward the stair case. Turn left and go toward the painting on the wall. Stop there.
Go straight towards the table then keep going straight to the next set of tables and go to the left side of them and stop at the second one in the row.
Behind the chair is toilet and the bedroom is near the sofa.
Move towards and around the left side of flowerbed, continuing to move forward until you reach the railing on the right.
The sofa is near the stairs and opposite the kitchen
Turn to the right, go down the hall, go past the island, into the narrower hall and go straight until you can turn right and go into the bathroom.  Turn left and go a couple of feet, then turn to the right and stop.  wait.
The vase is beside the window, opposite the bathroom.
Go indoors. Go past the wall with holes and wait near the table and chairs.
There are some flowers in the vase. The vase is placed on the table.
Vase on sofa in living room
Walk forward with the couch on your left and exit the room through the door at the end. In the hallway take a right and another right into the dining room. In the dining room go straight and stop with the mirrored pillar on your right side.
Exit the room then turn left and go straight until you get to a bedroom. Wait at the entrance.
Turn right and walk towards the painting with lots of squares. When you are in front of the painting, turn left. Walk forward and then turn left and enter the room with the pool table. Cross straight across the room and through the wood and glass doors on the other side. Stop when you get to the door facing the large blue curtains.
Walk through the open doors with golden decorations. Walk through the next room passed the ceiling lamp towards the grandfather clock up against the wall. Walk through the door to the left of the clock and into the next room that has glass chandeliers and wrap around Victorian couches.
Enter the kitchen. Walk to the railing on the balcony past the table on the right.
Head towards the exit of the room near the far end of the table next to you. At the door, go into the room to your immediate right with the door that has the number "02"  in the middle of a black hexagon on it.
Turn right. Go across the room and stop at the middle bar stool.
The mirror is on a cabinet and across from a big bed.
Leave the lobby with the reception desk on the right. Go into the men's room through the second door on the left. Walk forward to the last bay of lockers. Stop next to the water cooler.
With your back faced towards the sink, walk forward past the bed. Once you reached the opening into the outdoor area that has a bunch of couches, you've reached your destination.
The plant is placed on a balck cabinet and next to three grass jars ,against a wall.
Turn around and walk straight, in between the two pink chairs. Take a right after the blue chair on the right. Walk into the sitting room and wait by the first chair on your right.
Go into the nearest doorway and go straight through, make a right and go to the double doors and step outside and wait.
Walk up the first flight of stairs, and stop at the top.
The mirror is a bedroom on one side and a corridor on the other
Leave the bathroom and take a right in the bedroom into the office. In the office stop in front of the desk closest to the trash bin.
The table is near the kitchen, the bathroom, the study.
Exit the bathroom. Take a left into the corridor. Take a sharp right. Walk down the corridor. Exit through the double doors on the left. Take a slight left. Stop at the bedroom door.
You should walk out of the bathroom closet and make a left to leave the bathroom. Once you are in the bedroom walk around the bed and go through the door to leave the bedroom. After you leave the bedroom make an immediate left turn, then make another left to go into the bathroom and wait by the sink.
There are green plants in the vase at the corner.
Walk forward towards the TV and take a right into the bedroom. Walk to the bathtub and stop right at the foot of the bathtub bear the bedpost.
Go to the right and out the door into the hallway, past the staircase.  Turn left and then left again.  Walk past the foot of the bed.  Just before you get to the door that leads outside, you will stop.  There is a couch and a couple of chairs on the balcony.
The bedroom is at the left rear corner of the stairs.
there is another same sofa put nearby ,and the target is back facing a white cabinet.
Turn right, go down the hallway until you come to the end and then make a right, go down the hall passed the door brown doors on the right, right after the second door go right into the office room.
The bedroom is on the second floor and on the left of the stairs when go upstairs.
Head straight down the hall past the mirror, then across the living room to the far left hallway. Wait near the bathroom door.
The mirror is on the left side of a red and brown chair and opposite to a wooden table.
Turn around to face mirror and exercise machines. Turn right and walk forward. Take right side doorway. Walk to screen. Turn right and enter locker room. Stop.
Go to the left and through the doorway.  Then go into the bedroom, and past the bed.  Then turn left You'll see a pool outside.  Just wait right at the doorway.
Leave the elevator and take a left. Walk down the hall and take a right into the TV room. Stop next to the table before you reach the carpet.
Walk out of the restroom and turn left into the hallway until you reach a bedroom on your left. Stop in the door frame leading to the bedroom.
there is a glass made vase close to the mirrora black artware is close to the target
Go to the top of the stairs. Continue past the stairs to the painting at the end of the hallway. Turn right and enter the door to the room with the chest of drawers and large white bed.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and connected with a gym.
on a small table on the left side of a chair,next to a brown and grey wall
walk downstairs, turn left, walk through library, stop in office.
The cabinet is opposite to a green painting and a brassy switch.
Stay to the right of the long wooden table. Walk the length of the entire table, and wait near the end.
Turn right and exit the room, then walk down the hallway to your left. When you reach the end, go through the door on the right and stop.
The bed is placed near the hall and a tearoom.
set in a white flowerpot,above a oblong table surrounded by eight black chairs,between two white knick-knacks
Walk past the bed on the right. Walk past the wall-mounted TV on the right. Walk through the open door on the left. Walk through the open door on the right. Wait at the threshold of the bedroom door on the left.
The balcony is next to dining room, on the third floor and outside the livingroom.
Exit the elevator, then turn ninety degrees to the left and continue down the hallway, stopping at the base of the stairs leading upwards.
Walk across the room and head down the hallway to the right of the stairs. Turn in the door to your left. Keep walking straight and enter the next room and stop in front of the desk.
Go down the stairs. Turn left and walk toward the table and chairs. Wait near the couches.
Go up the stairs, stop at the top.
the garden is near a balcony and the balcony is near a study room with a stair
Walk to the top of the stairs and turn right.  Turn right and walk towards the couch.  Turn right and walk towards the large painting that's leaning against the wall.  Stop when you reach the rear corner of the couch.
Go straight and turn left into the door. Then continue straight passed the table and stop in front of the fridge.
TURN AROUND UNTIL YOU FACE A SHORT HALLWAY AND WALK TOWARDS THE ARCHED OPENING ON THE LEFT OF THE HALLWAY, WALK PAST THE LIVING ROOM COUCH AND TOWARDS THE KITCHEN ISLAND BREAKFAST BAR, TURN SLIGHTLY LEFT AND WALK TOWARDS THE REFRIGERATOR, TURN SLIGHTLY RIGHT AND WALK TO THE LEFT SIDE OF THE REFRIGERATOR FACING A THERMOSTAT CONTROL PANEL.
The stair is near a transparent table surrounded transparent chairs and near two brown chairs.
Walk into bedroom.  Once inside, turn right, and walk straight into the bathroom.  Walk to shower.  Wait here.
The cabinet is set near a black table under a black sculpture and a black lamp and near a white and brown bed.
Go towards the stairs and then go to the left of the stairs along the walkway, going right and then straight toward the circle table, go passed the circle table, then go just passed the pillar onto the stones and stop.
below a mirror , next to a toilet
Turn left and then enter the bedroom ahead. Wait there.
Go up the first set of stairs and take the first right and walk into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
The power switch is next to the stairs on the first floor.
Turn around and walk past the table. Wait in front of the large double doors at the end of the table.
Walk toward the shower, then exit the bathroom, make a hard right and stop.
Go down the hallway until you get to the plant. Before the plant turn right and head straight until you get to a black chair and a desk, stop there.
Pass the table and chairs and turn right. Turn left and pass the large green vase. Turn left and wait in the hallway.
Go past the small couch and turn slightly right to go into the hallway, pass the glass doors. Then head straight into the first room on the right. Then turn left and wait in the hallway that is painted beige and has two paintings one on each side of a piece of furniture on the left.
Turn to the right and head from the kitchen counter towards the dining table. Pass the dining table and head towards the glass doors.
Exit the room. Turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to a white door straight ahead. Go into the white door and wait there.
Go to the zebras. Go to the cheetah. Go to the glass table. Go to the brown cabinet. Go to the three legged chair. Go to the doorstop.
Go passed the bed and into the hallway. Then go behind the blue couch and turn left. Stop next to the ottoman.
Walk towards the house and into the bedroom off the balcony and stop just on the inside of the door way.
Walk down the hallway to the left past the paintings.  Go straight until you reach the bathroom.  Stop at the entrance to the room containing the bath tub and toilet.
Turn around. Go up stairs. Turn right. Go forward. Turn right again. Enter room with wooden door.
next to the sofa, across to the TV
below the mirror and the white lamps
Go towards the green vase-like ornament, make a right and go into the first archway on the right, go into the room and stop to the right of the conference table.
Turn right and walk down the hall and enter the living room. Wait near the 2 chairs.
This storeroom is located at the end of the right turn on the second floor.
You need to leave the bedroom and make a left to get to the stairs, walk up to the fourth step and wait.
Walk up the stairs and walk down the hall. Turn into the bathroom on the right once you reach the top of the steps.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and facing a long corridor.
next to a wine bottle, next to a drawer
Walk towards the bed, and out the door directly across from it. Walk towards the stairs, and stop directly in front of the chair across from the stairs.
Locate the screen door that leads to the screened in patio.  Walk into the patio and stop when you get to the doorway on the left.  Turn left and look into the white room.  Following the left side of the room with the white table walk down the length of the kitchen.   Stop in the area in front of the stacked washer and dryer and in front of the bathroom door.
Walk across the dining room, away from the windows and toward the bookcase.  The table will be on your right, and the fireplace will be on your left, as you walk.  Step into the doorway at the end of the doorway next to the bookcase.
Walk straight and out of the bathroom. Wait in the entryway of the house.
Go through the door to the left, and go straight down the hallway.
Turn around so that the 4 steps are behind you and proceed straight through the open door. Stop on the doormat just outside the interior door.
walk away from the bathroom, and past the chairs through the doorway on your right, turn left on the hardwood floor and continue straight down the hallway, turn right at the first doorway and enter the bedroom. Stop before you reach the rug.
Go through the door and turn right. Walk right passed the table and continue towards the bathtub, turn right and stop in the doorway.
Exit the kitchen to the left, go straight and then left into the glass doorway leading the pool and stop.
The dressing table is close to living room and balcony.
The flower is placed on the desk and some chairs.
The vase is at the end of the corridor.
Walk past the fireplace then turn left. Turn right and then go straight into the room ahead. WAit there.
Turn around and go out into the hall. Turn left and go up the two steps.
The light is placed in the left corner of the staircase and to the left of a brown box.
Walk down the hall and turn left after the stairs. Continue straight down the hall and wait by the bathroom on the right.
Walk up the stairs, past the windows, and up the next set of stairs.  Stop next to the first chair at the top of the second set of stairs.
next to two beds and another lamp with the same color and shape, next to the window
next to a furnace, next to a picture
Head towards the arcade machine and walk through the door to its immediate left.  take a left last the bath tub and wait in front of the bathroom door.
Walk forward and enter the room. Turn right and walk past all the sinks. Once you pass the sinks, turn right and stop in the doorway.
the bedroom is in the end of a corridor and  next to a open -balcony.
Walk towards the bed and exit bedroom. Walk to the bottom of the stairs. Climb up to the fourth step and stop on the stairs.
On the table are a greenplant and two containers with biscuits.
walk to the right of the dining room table, down the hall to the left of the fridge, turn right and stop on the tile floor.
Leave the office and go straight. Go down two stairs and stop.
Head toward the fireplace and turn right. Stop in the hallway near the elevator.
Go up the two steps. Pass the stairs on the left. Then turn right and wait near the oven.
exit bedroom to hallway and walk straight to the kitchen. Stop before kitchen counter.
Leave the bathroom and walk straight down the winding hall sticking to your right. Take a right into the bedroom that is first on your right and another right into the bathroom and stop in the bathroom doorway.
The table is set in the middle of the kitchen.
This area connects with washrooms and a bar.
Walk toward bedroom door. Enter the bedroom. Exit door directly to the right. Enter landing and walk toward the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
The lamp is in a bedrioom on the second floor.
Walk towards the living room. Then walk through the hallway and into the room that is straight ahead. Wait at the entrance to the room.
Walk around the bed and through the door on the right. Wait near the exercise bike.
The bar connects with a gymnasium and has a trashcan.
The bathroom is inside of the bedroom.
Leave the library, and go down the stairs. Stop on the first step.
Exit the room through the doorway on the same wall as the mirror. In the next room there is a large empty rectangular table in the middle. Stand on the far side of it, between it and the two chairs.
on the small desk, next to the bed
Exit the bathroom, turn left and walk through the kitchen out the door, wait near the chair on the patio.
Take a left at the door, and go up the stairs. Stop on the fifth stair from the top.
There are many sinks and cabinets in the kitchen.
next to a bookshelf, in front of decorations
The chair is near a kitchen and a living room.
The cabinet is under the table and to the right of the oven.
Exit the room via the arched opening with the double doors at the opposite wall. Continue straight until you step on the carpet ahead and see an open staircase to your left.
Enter home and walk past kitchen on left. Walk past stairs, and exit home. Wait on welcome mat.
Exit the room. Turn right then continue down the hallway. Walk straight until you get to the front room. Wait near the two Christmas trees.
Walk past the dining table and go up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs near the end table with a potted plant on it.
at the entrance of this store.
Continue walking up the staircase, and through the doorway on the right. Walk straight down the hallway and stop once in front of the white rug.
on a black table, next to a vase
There are several big sofas placed in the big living room, and a median size mirror installed on the side wall.
Exit through the door next to the bathroom sink.  Turn left and walk down the hallway until you reach the kitchen counter.  Wait here.
The window is set in the small bedroom.
next to the hallway, beside another similar washroom;
a room within a cabinet, a sink and a big bed with leather cushions.
Go up the steps and past the plant. Go past the stairs and then turn right. When you go into that room wait near the bed.
The area is behind the resaurant and next to a meeting room.
Exit the bathroom. Stop where the floor changes from white to wooden.
Leave the room, and walk down the hallway. Go into the bathroom through the last door on the left. Stop next to the wall which divides the sink, from the bathtub.
Leave the bathroom and walk forward into the bedroom. Leave the bedroom and walk down the hall and enter the bathroom through the first door on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Head toward the white projector screen. Go down two steps and stand by the poster that says "Walk the Line".
Move around the table and to the right. Then go over or under rope and move forward. Continue down the hall straight, then through the doors. Turn to your left and continue forward and up the stairs.
Leave bathroom and make slight left crossing the hall. enter living room, take left and go behind couches towards the window wall. Turn right and head towards the kitchen. Stop at the counter.
Turn around and walk straight down the path towards the pool. Turn left at the next walkway and stop facing the door to go inside.
Go towards bed and then turn right. Walk along the rug towards the doorway. Go through the doorway, and stop just beyond the door, near the vanity.
against a wall, above a trashcan
Walk to the top of the stairs with the lion statues at the top.  Continue foreward through the hallway passed the first open sliding door and then past the paintings on the walls. Walk through the open door at the end of the hallway and into the next hall headig towards the stairwell nearby. Walk down the stairs to the platform between the two flights.
This area has a red carpet and a brown chair.
Walk down the stairs into the lounge area. Walk behind the couches and turn right to walk  along the metallic wall and front door towards the bedroom on the other side of the hallway.
The sofa is near a black table with five pieces of pattern, on a blue carpet, and in front of the window.
Walk through the kitchen and past the round table and chairs.  Turn right at the stairs and go up them and into the room off the landing with the fireplace in it.  After passing through the doorway, take a few steps towards the fireplace and then stop.
Turn left to go down the stairs. Wait on the fifth step to the bottom.
Walk past the stairs and then turn left. Wait at the entrance.
The chair is placed behind the table next to the recliner in the room.
below a tap; faced with a narrow bed used for massage;
Walk through the living room, and take a left towards the piano. Take a right at the piano and enter the hall. Stop once you are in the hall.
Mirror is in the bathroom.
Leave the bathroom and turn right.  Keep going until you enter the bedroom and then stop.
There is an identical sofa on its left, a pillow is put on it.
The door handle is on the glass door.
close to the bathing pool; next to a wall decorated with marble tiles;
Walk around the sunken area through a ninety degree arc to the right, keeping the sunken area to your right side. When you're about even with the fireplace on your right and almost to the end of the three steps on your left, turn left and climb the three steps. Then stop.
The bathroom is on the opposite of the bench.
Walk forward towards the white chairs, passing by the stairs on your left. Keep walking forward and stop when you are standing by the second white chair at the kitchen island.
Stand with the ropes to your left and behind you and walk straight into the next room.  Walk past the marble columns and go through the doorway of the right, closest to the windows.  Stop after passing through this doorway and are near the fireplace.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and keep walking straight until you go through the double wood doors. Stop inside the room once you reach the rug.
Leave this room and go stand on the blue marker.
Walk down stairs. Wait at wall mirror.
Walk past round mirror. Make hard left at rectangular mirror. Walk past fire extinguisher. Wait at top of marble stairs.
Walk down the hallway to the left of the TV. Stop at the end of the hallway when it opens up and the sinks are to your left.
Walk through the room and exit via the door next to the giant clock.  Walk down the hallway and turn right at the top of the stairs.  Stop in the doorway to the deck.
The bush is face the entrance door.
Exit the men's locker room and go through the doors on the left. Turn left and stop in the hallway through the double doors.
Walk down the hallway, turn left at the guitar, wait in the doorway to the bedroom.
Leave the bathroom, turn right, walk past the dining room, walk through the doorway and wait in front of the bathroom.
The sink is beside the vase and the window.
Go past the table and chairs and stand close to the middle door.
Turn right, walk towards the exit, turn right, enter the room, turn right, and wait by the mirror.
Walk past the couch and across the room. Walk through the third doorway from the left. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk past the men's bathroom on the left. Walk past the wall-mounted phone on the wall to the right. Wait at the open doors just after the open baskets on the floor to the right.
The table is in the aisle beside the stairs.
Turn around and walk past the bath tub, move up the stairs and take a right towards the second set of stairs. Walk up them and stop at the top.
Head left towards the bed. Wait inside the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn left at the end of the hall. Walk forward and turn right and stop.
next to the mirror and washstand
Turn around and enter the men's room.  Stand near the sink.
The area is on the first floor, and is next to the dining room.
Walk up the circular shaped stairs and past the doormat.  Continue forward and take a step down onto the wooden floor.  Stop in front of the open book on the blue counter.
Turn around and go to the end of the row and stop near the pillars.
Walk into the doors and inside the house. Once inside walk across the room and up the small set of stairs. At the top, turn right and then stop on the blue rug.
Turn around and go through the door. Continue straight and go through the next two doors. Stop in the large room.
Go in to the hall and turn left. Then take the next left and continue down the hall. At the fork, turn left again and stop.
Walk into the room with black leather chairs.  Walk towards the statue of a woman and go into the door on the right. Wait in this room by the wooden table.
The display is in a big meeting room with the number 04.
Go through the doorway to the room with the red blinds ahead. Travel to the white door. Go through the door and into the bathroom with towels on the shelf.
there is a bathroom on the left side of the television.
Walk straight ahead and enter a room, turn to the right and go past the sink.  Enter the next room, which is a bedroom and when you walk into it, stop, wait.  Don't go any further.
Go in the right hand door, turn left and continue straight passed the stove and sink. Go into the room on the right and stop.
at the entrance of a room with a bathtub and two beds.
Leave the bathroom and head into the closet. Exit the closet and take a left through the double doors on the left and enter the dining room. In the dining room veer right, and stand on the left edge of the arm chair and stop.
Go forward through the door and move past the stairs. Turn right, enter the closet and wait on the other side of the door.
Walk into the bedroom, around the bed, and stop right next to the open doorway.
Leave the bathroom and turn left.  At the Foosball table turn left again into the bedroom.  Walk to the foot of the bed and stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
The washroom is on the first floor and next to the livingroom.
The luggage is set near a blue and brown bed, in front of the window and near the white baskets.
Exit office and go straight towards exit sign. Continue straight down hallway until you reach a turn. Turn right and wait in front of door S-C.
Exit the wet bar, walk straight ahead and wait in the bathroom at the end.
The windows are in the wall in the living room.
Walk straight out of the room past the restrooms. Keep walking straight and wait at the first doorway before the front door of the building.
Walk past the kitchen area and go into the first room on the left and stop just inside the utility room.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Proceed into the kitchen. Wait near the counter and barstool.
The sofa is next to a brown table, on the opposite side of a black television and next to a white and blue bed.
Go passed the left side of the couch then pass through the entryway and then go to the stairs and stop.
The keyboard is in the number 361 small office.
Walk through the kitchen, past the fireplace and wait by the couch.
Walk forward past the large entryway doors on your left.  Take another left at the end of the hallway and stop before entering the door past the brown/black chair.
Walk through the hall past the zebra painting into the room with the double doors and stop.
a hall with a glass door and a recieption desk.
Exit the room. Pass the blue couch and the bed exit that room and head straight out through the hallway. Wait by the top of the stairs.
Go up the little stairs and to the right. Follow the hallway and stop in front of the sink.
The cup is at the edge of the desk,on the left of a book and in front of the phone.
Exit bedroom, make a left, walk toward next bedroom and stop at door.
Walk pas the vase and turn right. Walk into the hallway to the left. Turn left and walk into the living room and stop.
There are some pictrues,trophies and a clock on it.
next to the table, next to the window, on the left of the main entrance when facing outside
Turn around and exit the room by the door on the left. Walk straight down the hallway. Walk down a couple of steps and wait there.
Walk into the kitchen and turn right at the end of the island. Walk out of the kitchen and make a sharp turn left. Stop just inside the bathroom.
Walk into the room, and go straight. Walk pass the white table, and stairs. Stop once you step onto the tile from the wood floor.
Walk forward and down the hallway to the right. Once out the door, turn right and then enter the door to your right and stop.
Walk forward into the TV room, and take a left. Walk straight, and enter the bedroom. Stop in the doorway before you enter the bedroom.
Leave the bedroom and take a left in the hallway. Walk straight and enter the bedroom that is the last door on your right. Stop next to the first end table.
Enter the doorway on the left and continue down the hall. Turn left to ascend the staircase. Stop at the top set of stairs.
Walk towards the bed and turn down the hallway to your right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower on your left.
Exit room number 363. Go left and go to the exit sign. At the exit sign turn right. Go to the window with "enerskin" written on it.
Walk through the kitchen and turn right. Stop in front of the door to the right of the spiral staircase.
The lamp is located in the bright bedroom.
Walk past the stairs and along the path. Go through the door and into the bedroom. Go stand next to the bathtub.
Walk forward with the door on your left. Stop next to the couch once you enter the dining area.
next to the window with red curtain, next to the door of the cloakroom
between a switch and a television, near a door
Head towards the pool and veer around it to the left. Stop in front of the double sliding glass doors.
Turn around and enter the room with the bath tubs.  Then turn right and walk towards the sinks.  The turn right and head up the stairs.  Stop in the middle of the stairs.
Go down three stairs, and take a left. Take a left, and go up three stairs, and down a hallway. take the first right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk straight across following the wall passed the sofa. Keep going straight until you get to the bench by the glass table. Stand behind the bench, facing the glass table and wait.
Take a right. Take a left and wait by the desk.
Turn left and go out the black door toward the patio. Turn right and wait near the round table with the chairs.
Walk forward, past the sitting area and follow the red carpet into the next room. Following the red carpet, turn right and then left. Wait at the top of the stairs on the right.
Go into the hallway and turn left. Walk past the stairs and wait outside on the doorstep.
Walk along railing in front of chairs. stop at corner of deck.
Walk straight. Enter the hallway. Head straight until you get to a picture frame on the wall.
Go inside. Turn right and go past the couches. Turn left and walk toward the stairs. Go up the stairs. Stop when you get to the top.
Exit the room and turn right. Walk forward until you are standing in front of the exit sign and turn left. Walk forward until you reach the fire extinguisher and wait there.
Enter the room with the two beds and walk out the door on the left side of the second bed.  Turn left and go into the second doorway you pass on the left after exiting.  Walk into the room and stop in front of the first panel of the screen in the room.
This area has lots of cabinets and a glasses door of the hall.
Walk straight across the room and exit out the double wood and glass doors on the left. Once out the doors, Turn right and walk down the hallway and enter the door at the end. Stop once inside the room facing the large windows.
around the table, facing the glass window, second from the left
Exit the bathroom. Exit the room. Turn left go straight until you get to couches and wait there.
Exit the hallway, walk past the elevators, enter the pool area, wait by the pool chairs on the left.
Turn around and go left passed the pool. Go into the first room on the left with a bed.
Leave the bedroom and go into the doorway on the left of the stairs. Stop in the bedroom before you pass the fireplace.
Walk straight through the hallway and into the room straight ahead.  Once inside, make a slight left to enter the bathroom.  Wait here.
Go through the doorway opposite the white double doors, make a left, go into the doorway on the right, go passed the bed on the right, go through the doorway on the left, step into the bathroom and stop.
Turn around and walk straight ahead. Wait in between the couches.
Go to the switch Go to the third painting Go to the fifth painting Go to the thermostat.
on a black table, next to a golden box
Walk down the hall and turn right, then walk forward and wait by the stairs.
Go straight and cross one  or two rooms and end of the room is ours. Near white color door.
Walk straight past the stairs on the right. Walk straight and slightly left to pass the couches. Turn right and wait in the mini gym room.
Follow the blue dots, then continue to the red dot and stop.
at a corner of the men's changing room;
Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk across the hall and stop in the doorway.
Turn around and go into the house.  Walk past the red chair and turn left and go into the kitchen area.  Then turn right and go up the stairs.  When you get to the top, go on into the room where there's a bed and a couple of red reclining chaises.  Wait there by the chaise.
The handbag is in a bedroom.
Exit the vestibule and enter the house. Continue straight past the tablecloth draped table and stop in front of the entrance to the restroom.
Turn right and walk into the hallway. At the end of the hallway turn left and then turn right into the single door to enter the long hallway. Stop at the first door to your left.
The vase is near a black and golden table and set between two paintings.
Turn right and head down the stairs. Turn left at the landing and continue down the stairs until you reach the next landing. Wait by the white railing at the center of the landing.
pass through hall with photos to left, stop before corner.
Leave the massage room and go straight. Go into the room at end of the hall and stop in the entryway.
Leave the office and head in the direction of the living room on your left. Before the living room take a left into a hallway. Enter the bedroom on the left of the photos on the wall. stop once you are in the room.
Walk through the doorway. Take a left the bedroom. Take a right in the bedroom. Take a right into the closet and stop.
The painting is set on the right side of a black and white painting and on the left side of a painting.
Stop on the doormat of the doors to exit this room.
The mirror is in a reception room.
Walk towards bedroom.  Turn left, then walk through the door to the left of the black desk.  Immediately turn right, and exit the house.  Wait here.
Turn to your left and exit out the wooden doors with glass. Outside the door turn right and enter the hallway. Stop at the first door on the left facing the drawers and the end of the hallway.
Turn right then exit to your left. Walk straight and enter the large room. Turn towards your right and walk over to the opening to go outside. Stop in the opening facing outside.
With the sinks behind you, exit through the door on the left.  Turn left after going through this doorway and walk out the door and through the room to the door on the opposite side, just past the table with the horse statue on it.  Stop just after passing through the doorway.
Exit the room, make a right, and another right, into the room with the three chandeliers, and stop before you get to the couch.
There is a microwave besides. There is a cabinet above.
Picture connects the first floor living room and the second floor terrace
Turn right walk through the curtain. Walk across the bedroom and exit the bedroom. Go through the doorway on your right and wait by the towels.
Walk across room following glass wall on right, turn right at stone pillar and stop next to OSB box.
The painting is in a food bar.
Walk towards the painting and turn right into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom and wait in the bathroom.
Walk to the right of the fireplace and into the first room on the right. Wait in the doorway to second bedroom.
Travel straight down the hallway past some stairs, enter the door at the end of the hallway and stand near the bed.
Exit the bathroom. Walk straight until you see two silver vases straight ahead then turn left. Wait near the white door with the glass decoration. Wait there.
The pillow is placed in a reading room.
Walk toward the bed. When you get to the bed. Turn right and exit the room. Continue straight and enter the room straight ahead. Wait near the sink.
Head down the hallway and stop in the doorway to the sitting room.
Turn left and walk into the hallway.  Turn left again and go down the hallway, into the kitchen and out the back door.  Stop on the rug just outside the doorway.
There is a tap right above it. On its left side is a big cabinet.
Go out the door and turn right. Go into the door that leads to a hallway. Take the first right into the room with lots of chairs. Turn left and go into the room with door handles on the wall.
Facing the end of the bed, take an immediate right, walk past the bathroom and exit the bedroom through the open doorway. Walk straight until you see a large red painting. At the painting make a turn towards 11 o clock and go through the doorway on the left of the painting. Through there, you will reach your destination.
walk through the doorway towards the bed, turn right, walk past the bed and walk through the door on the right walk left down the hall, walk through the double doors on the right into the kitchen and stop.
Walk past the fireplace, turn right and walk into the next room.  Walk to the middle of the room and turn right and walk to the edge of the stairs.
Turn around and exit the shower, follow it around to the left of the tub and go towards the doorway before the bedroom, and stop.
Go inside the building. Go the the fireplace. Go to the long stool. Go into the bridal room. Go to the first white chair.
Walk down the remaining steps to the lower floor. Turn the corner at the photo of Marilyn Monroe and walk down the hallway past a bathroom and closet area. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hall which has a bed with a tray with beverages on top.
Walk all the way down the room until you pass the ping-pong table, and stop at the table nearest the entrance on your left.
This area is on the first floor and near a living room and a bedroom.
in front a mirror, on a washbasin
Walk past the kitchen area and into the second doorway on the left. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk past the couch and through the double doors to the outside. Stop to the left of the patio chairs.
Walk across the room and go down the hall next to the refrigerator. Turn right and wait in front of the door on the left.
The picture is in a art studio.
Walk along edge of pool to sliding glass door, stop on door mat.
Walk int bedroom, turn right into bathroom and stop next to sink at left.
Exit the kitchen. Turn right. Walk past the glass dining table. Stop at the small wicker chair.
The telephone is in an office whose number is 359.
Exit the room and turn right then when you get to the black couches turn left and wait in that hallway.
walk straight at the front door.
Walk past the small trunk and into the hallway on the left. Walk through the hallway and into the bathroom on the left. Stop just inside the bathroom door.
Walk straight ahead. Stop and stand at the clear banister that looks over the rest area.
Head fowards the front door.  Go into the office on the opposite side of the door.  Turn left 90 degrees and walk forward a few feet, then take another 90 left turn and walk into the copy room.  Stop just inside the door.
Walk up the stairs, walk towards the sitting area, and wait near the bottom of the spiral stair case.
Walk down the corridor, past the stairs and through the doorway on the right. Wait in the men's bathroom.
The plant is towards the gate of the corridor and faces the service desk at a slant.
Go down the steps. Turn left and wait at the entrance of the room.
facing a black table, next to a lamp
Turn behind you. There will be a hot tub in front of you to the left a little. Head toward the walkway to the right of the hot tub. Continue up the path. The pool is on your left and keep heading that way until you go through a door. When you go through the door there will be a very tall painting right in front of you. Turn left at the painting in front of you and you will be looking at a bedroom with a bed and chaise lounge right in front of you. Stop here.
Walk through the living room toward the patio. Walk on the patio and take a left. Stop next to the bush next the walkway before the stairs.
The lamp is in a living room.
Exit the door to the outside patio that is located in the bedroom next to the large picture of a sail boat.
Exit the bathroom then turn left. When you get to the pool table turn left and go into the room on the left. Turn left and pass the tub and go into the bathroom straight ahead. Wait near the sink.
The bed is near a green sofa and red sofa and next to a tall brown lamp.
Walk straight along the gray path on the floor.  Walk past the two benches on your right and then enter the doorway after them.  Stand a couple steps in from the door in front of the rounded edging of the table.
Walk towards the hallway with a blue painting. Turn left and wait by the entrance of the empty room.
Turn left. Walk past the bed. Turn left to walk out the doorway. Walk towards the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the bottom.
in a glass box,on the bar counter and between some snacks.
The jug is in a bedroom.
Go all the way to the other end of the hallway, and stop just inside the door of the bathroom to the left.
Walk out of the small room and turn left. Walk out of that room and into the second doorway on the left and stop.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and head down the hallway. Pass the couch on the left and head down the hallway. Turn right on the first door and wait near the entrance.
Go down the stairs to the lower floor. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs. Go forward toward the double glass doors on the right. Go through the double glass doors leading outside. Wait there.
There is a potted plant on its left in a small bedroom.
Follow the long red rug and leave the sitting room. walk froward in the open area and take a right at the end of the roped off seating area and stand on the red rug behind the sitting area before you reach the doorway into the next room/.
Travel to the white door with a doorknob. Go through the door and onto the porch. Turn left and travel beyond the columns to the brick porch.
Walk through the door and to the right. Take a left and walk around the railings and past the couches and stop in the bedrooms doorway on the right.
Walk straight down hallway to bedroom and stop in the doorway.
Turn around and walk out the door by the sink, Make a left turn, walking to the dining bench.
Walk past stairs. Make left at guitar. Wait at bedroom door threshold.
The living room is facing another big and bright living room and is next to a corridor on the first floor.
Exit bathroom to bedroom, turn left , walk to door going outside. stop outside on porch.
Go around the pool, down the steps and wait in the sitting area near the loungers.
Walk past kitchen, down hallway  and turn right in bathroom.
Walk up the set of steps to the right. Walk right past the black chair and table. Walk past the glass conference room wall and stop by the plywood trunk.
Go inside the house and turn right, then go past the ding room and past the stairs, then turn left, go down the hall and enter the first room on your right. Wait just past the doorway.
The hall is next to the chatting room.
next to a treadmill, near a massage bed
Walk down the hallway, past the stairway banister. Walk past the double closet doors, and then wait in the threshold of the open door on the right.
The chair  is  set in a small  room with a  red carpet.
You should take a right at the top of the stairs and walk down the hall until you get to the bedroom at the end of the hall. Next go into the bedroom and wait just inside the door.
Walk up the stairs, walk down the hallway to the right of the mirror, enter the jacuzzi room, wait at the doorway.
Go toward the counter and then along the counter to the right of it, go to the single step and stop.
Turn around and walk into the saloon door.
Turn right and go down the hall. Turn left after passing the table behind the couch. Walk in to the foyer and wait next to the front door.
next to the chair, next to the closet
Go straight through the kitchen and walk toward the white couches. Wait near the white couch.
Go up the stairs. At the top, go straight, following the wall with the paintings on it. Enter the dining area on your left. Walk passed the dinging table and exit the dining room through the door on the right. Stop and wait.
The sofa is close to the balcony and it faces the bedroom.
Walk through the doorway, turn right into the foyer. Walk through the foyer to the door. Walk out of the door and onto the porch.
Walk to the end of the corridor and wait in the kitchen.
next to the woody door, below the grown towels
move away from the garage and into the dining room and kitchen area, continue between the dining room table and kitchen bar, vear right, head down the hall, turn right into the bathroom at the end of the hall, turn left to exit the bathroom, then turn right and stop at the doorway to the closet.
Walk past the stairs and turn right. Take the first left and wait at the intersection of the other hallway.
Follow pass the table and go through the entryway and turn right and stop.
on the locker,on the right side of the pillar and on the left of the display
The picture is placed on the wall facing the table.
Turn left and walk until you reach the black railing and turn right. Walk to the other side of the pool table and enter the door on the far left to the right of the TV.  Stop when you enter the bedroom.
The sink is put on the washing table in the big bathroom ,which is farther to the door.
walk through the doorway, to the left of the table. Walk over the rug and through the doorway under the stairs. Turn towards the left and walk towards the stair on your right. Proceed up four steps and stop.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the bathroom and turn left. Walk up the steps and stop by the table and chairs.
Exit the bedroom, go up the stairs, turn left, go up the first flight of stairs, enter the living room, wait at the black chair on the left side of the red carpet.
Walk through the doorway and down the hall. Stop in front of the picture.
Go into the bedroom then turn left. Pass the TV and go out the door. Go straight into the other room. Wait near the dresser.
Go through the doorway, and into the hallway.  Turn right and walk down the hallway.  When you get to the next available place, turn right.  Go down the hall a little more and stop when you see a wooden door with 2 small desks in the room.  Wait there.
Go upstairs, turn right and go upstairs, turn into the leftmost doorway, take a few steps and then stop.
The stool is in a small meeting room with the number of 03.
Turn left and exit the room using the glass sliding door. Turn right and walk toward the white table and chairs. When you get to the table and chairs turn right and wait near the fridge.
under the table, between two chairs
This room is along the corridor leading to the exit and around the corner of a junction of three roads.
Exit the bathroom and turn right into the area with the dining table. Go straight and turn right at the door, still going through the dining room and stop at the doorway to the kitchen.
Leave the barroom and take a left, and another left. Walk straight down the hall and take a right into the bedroom. Stop once you pass the door in the bedroom.
Walk forward with the reception desk on your left. Stop before you reach the round table on the round tile decoration.
Go straight and then right. Go straight again and then stop at first door on the right.
Go straight passe the water feature and enter the large entry. Go to the living room couch and stop near it.
Turn right and exit the kitchen. Walk toward the stairs and start to walk up them. Stop on the second step of the stairs.
Go to the right of the round table and stop to the left of the next round table.
Exit bedroom. turn right and walk down hallway. Turn left into dinning kitchen area, exit dinning area and turn right into  living area and stop by storage armoire.
Go straight then turn left and wait right by the entrance to go inside.
Walk up the stairs, then continue straight into the kitchen. Turn left by the refrigerator and wait in the next room by the sink.
Turn slightly to the right, move forward slightly, and exit outside through the first door on the left. Walk forward down the sidewalk towards the pool and stop next to the pool just behind the white couch with the yellow pillows.
Take a right and go through the living room. In the hallway take a left and go down a corridor stopping next to the first lamp on the console table behind the couch.
Enter the room. Go past the bed. Turn left. Go into the door on the far left and wait in the closet.
a small hall with three similar deck chais.
a room with marble floors.
Head down the hallway until you get to a hallway on the left and turn left then head down the hallway and turn into the first office on the right and wait there.
Turn to the left and go past the bed.  Turn to the right and then quickly to the left.  You'll go through the doorway and across the hall.  Then you will enter the living room and stop and wait.
Head indoors, pass the kitchen and the stairs. Then exit through the doorway and wait on the door mat.
Walk out into the hallway. Turn left, and walk just past the first exit sign on the right wall.
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to the dining room.
Exit the bedroom and walk through double doors at the other end of the living room. Wait in the doorway next to the elephant picture.
Go into the hallway, take a right, and go through the door at then end of the hallway. Go into the left hallway and stop by the glass table.
Leave the bathroom, and go left. Leave the sitting room, and enter the bedroom. Go into the bathroom in this bedroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk through the large room passed the table and couch area towards the small set of steps on the other side. Walk up the steps and through the doorway. Walk passed the wall paintings and small table against the wall into the hallway between. Continue down the hall to the end where there is a pool area.
Walk out of the restroom through the door. Walk towards the foot of the bed. Move to the left and out of the bedroom door. Move down the hallway and take the first door on the left. Turn right in the first door on the right. Stop inside the bathroom.
Proceed straight and then go up the center stairs three steps. Go to the dining room towards the left and pass through to the kitchen  Stop in front of the sink and wait there.
Go right and down the long hall. Stop in the entryway on the left passed the first white table.
Turn around and leave the room.  Then turn right and go through the doors.  Walk down the hall, past the divider, then turn left.  Proceed forward until you enter the lobby. Wait there.
The sofa is next to a door and in front of a glass desk.
Walk down the hallway on the ornate rug. Past the rug take the first right into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Go slightly left and then head up the staircase.  When you get to the top, stop.  That's where you will wait.
With the staircase towards your right, walk forward until you leave the carpeting and are on the dark wooden flooring.  Turn right and head to the base of the stairs leading upwards and climb them all the way to the top. At the top veer left about thirty degrees and enter the laundry room.
Walk forward past the stairs and turn right. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and stop by the kitchen island.
The drawer is under a vase and near a beautiful bed.
Walk straight all the way passing two bedroom doors and then turn tight to enter the very corner room and stop right outside the door.
Turn right and exit the building, going into the small outdoor area. Stop in the doorway.
The table is under the vase and there is a switch next to it.
Turn left at the end of the bed and keep walking straight until you reach three bar stools at a bar.  Stop behind the last bar stool.
Walk across the room and wait through the second door on the right, in the bathroom .
Go right into the hall, and go into the room on the left. Stop in the doorway in the back left corner.
Walk towards the kitchen.  Turn right and walk down hallway.  Stop when you reach the dinner table.  Wait here.
Cross the corridor and go down the hallway. Wait inside the bridal room.
Leave the bedroom through the open and door.Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right and walk into the bedroom.  Turn to the right, and walk to the corner of the rug in the bedroom.
Exit the office onto the balcony then pass the grey lounge chairs and go into the house using the glass sliding doors on the right.
The glass is in a large reading area.
The telephone is set below a black television and near a red sofa and a blue sofa.
The picture is hung on the wall facing the column.
Just  walk straight.
Turn to your left and exit the bedroom. Take an immediate right turn. Walk forward until get to an open doorway on the left and take a left. Walk forward halfway to the open doorway in front of you, then stop and wait.
they are on a brown table and next to 6 chairs .
The bedroom is next to a bathroom and has a small balcony.
Walk down the hallway and up the stairs. Turn left and walk into the bathroom. Turn right and stop in the bedroom.
The desk is set near the central corridor of the hall.
Go inside, turn slight right and start going forward along the left wall, go into the second to last archway then stop.
Walk past the open door and up the small set of tiled steps. Continue past the dresser with vase on it. Continue along the concrete block wall down the small steps and into a round shaped room with a piano. Continue walking along the same wall into the first open door, which leads to a storage room with wooden shelves.
Move forward down the hallway with the temperature on your left and the painting on the right. Pass the black couch on your right. Turn left when you pass the wall on your left holding the two candles. Stop when you reach the two counter tops to your left and right.
The painting is near a bathroom and a living room.
Exit the room you are in, take a right down the hallway, turn left at the next hallway, keep go until you get to the bathroom on the right, go through the doorway and stop.
Go down the hallway on the left, continue into the bedroom. Stop at the foot of the bed.
face the treadmill, walk thought the doorway on the left, walk past the table and turn right walk through the doorway on the left and stop in front of the phone.
Walk out of the laundry room and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and turn right. Go straight and wait by the left side of the kitchen table.
The cabinet is at the corner of a living room.
The sofa is placed under the desk below the flower in the kitchen.
opposite the corner of the table;in the middle of two similar sinks
Turn around and take a left. Walk straight and go up the stairs. Walk straight again and walk into the bathroom. Wait in front of the sink.
Go up the stairs, turn right and go into the hall, turn left and enter the bedroom, stop at bed.
WALK THROUGH THE HALLWAY INTO THE BEDROOM WITH A LARGE GLASS WALL TO THE OUTSIDE. WALK THROUGH THE BEDROOM ALONG THE GLASS WALL PAST THE BED. WALK THROUGH THE OPEN ENTRY ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ROOM. CONTINUE THROUGH THE ROOM PASSED THE SOFA AREA AND WALK TOWARDS THE STAIRWELL BEHIND THE COUCHES.
Go through the door behind you on your left hand side. Move down the hall to the right toward the fire extinguisher. Move to the goal in front of the fire extinguisher.
Walk past the Foosball table and outside near the covered sitting area.  Walk through the columns and take the pathway to the right.  Follow the pathway and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The switches are set in the bedroom.
Leave the room and take a right into the living room. In the living room take a left behind the couch. Walk past the couch and stop in front of the window left of the patio door.
Go up the stairs then turn right and then turn right and wait there.
Walk out of the door to the left of the brown leather chair.  Walk straight, then turn left into the first door on the left.  Wait in bathroom.
Walk forward slightly to the left. Walk through the door way, make a hard left, stop in the bathroom.
Walk past the curtain and through the doorway on the right. Stop in front of the stairs.
Go down the stairs and then turn left and go straight until you get to an old stove.
Turn around and wait at the end of the hall.
next to the stair and the woody chair
Move forward past the table with the drawer open. Continue down the hallway.
Go across the living room and up the small set of stairs. Go into the bathroom on the left that is next to the top of the stairs.
You need to leave the room with the benches and go through the narrow hallway. At the end of the hallway you will walk into a large bedroom. Now make a slight left and go through the doorway at the end of the room. After you go through the doorway wait in the empty room.
There is a eating table and eight chairs put in the dining room ,and a black cabinet is close to the table.
The chair is on the left corner of livingroom facing the balcony.
The office is at the corner of a junction of three roads and on the left of the stairway door.
Walk through the kitchen to the stairs.  Go up three steps and then stop.
Walk around the staircase and then go through the hallway on the right and turn left at the first door. Then wait next to the bathroom.
Exit the room through the double doors, pass through the corridor and enter the hallway to the far left. Proceed through the hallway. Wait by the doorway.
The study has a big table in the center and connects with a bedroom.
Go straight past the containers with stones in them and then past the main desk. Wait just past the clothes rack.
Walk to the top of the stairs, then turn and go past the desks. Stop  in front of the bookshelf.
on the left of a plant,on the right of a table and opposite to a dustbin
Walk through the bathroom past the sink and through the door to the hallway Walk into the hall and through the nearby open door with an old rotary phone on the wall. Walk into the room, which is a bedroom. Walk Past the bed and night stand through the open door in the corner.
Walk out of the bathroom and exit the bedroom. Once out of the bedroom turn left and wait at the staircase.
Turn around and take a left at the small table. Walk straight and then take the second right. Wait in front of the bathroom.
The cupboard is set in the bright kitchen.
With the display case on your right, move forward in the corridor, turning to the right to follow it. At the base of the stairs leading upwards, go through the door that's to the right of the stairs. Turn forty-five degrees to the left and continue past a small mirror to your right. Then enter the room on your right with the wooden flooring.
Exit bedroom turn right and stop on top of stairs.
The chair is in a simply equipped office.
next to the refrigerator, hung on the white wall
While facing the painting, go left.  When you reach the mirror, turn right.  Walk straight down the hallway until you are near the top of the stairs.  Go down the stairs and stop on the second step from the top.
Walk in front of the chairs and under the ceiling fan and walk through the front door of the building.  Walk through the room to the door on the opposite side in the 11 o'clock position.  Stop a few feet in front of this back door.
on the table and next to the stove
Walk out of the bedroom and into the hall. Walk past the bench and then right past the island. Walk through the entryway and into the hallway on the right. Stop in front of the vent.
The pillow is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk outside. Wait just outside the door and to the left.
The sofa is in a big and white living room on the first floor.
Walk forward past the dining table on your right. Enter the living room through the last door on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Exit bedroom and enter the other bedroom to the right, next to the flight of stairs.
Walk out of the laundry room into the hallway and turn left. Walk towards the bedroom and turn right continuing down the hallway. Turn right and walk into the bathroom. Stop next to the first bathroom sink.
The small container with many cards is put in the study.
Make a left in front of the bathroom. Walk up stairs. Walk past the painting on the wall to the right. walk pas the gym on the left. Walk through the open door to the left of the bathroom. Wait at the red dresser.
there is a basket on it and a cupboard on the right
Exit the walk in closet to the room then turn right and go out the double door to the patio and wait there.
With the plant behind you, walk through the doorway and go right.  Walk past the pool and three beds and stop on the right side of the treadmill.
Walk towards the open door without going up any steps. Go inside and go through the interior door leading towards a kitchen. Go through the kitchen towards the washer and dryer and stand in the door opening leading to the bathroom.
Walk towards the desk with burnt orange chair, take a sharp left at the window, walk straight towards the kitchen and stop in front of the ridge.
The toilet is in a toilet on the first floor.
Exit the room, turning to the left and leaving the small office. Take another left in the bedroom, then another left, entering the bathroom.
next to a bed, next to a plant
next to a wall, facing a door
Exit the bathroom toward the room then exit the room using the door on the right side. Go straight past the pool table and past the stairs and wait there by the three light switches.
The power switch is placed next to the picture facing the bed on the wall of the bedroom.
After you finish going up the steps go straight until you get to a hallway on the right. Turn right into that hallway and wait there.
on the table, in front of a chair
Exit the kitchen and walk straight towards the dining table. Keep walking and turn right when you see a white chair on the left. Walk up the four stairs and stop there.
the balcony is near a garden and a study room with a stair
Exit the office using the door on the left then turn right and head down the hallway until you get to the "exit" sign. Wait there.
Enter the bedroom and walk around the bed into the closet. Stop in the closet.
It face the bed and the French window
Go up the stairs. Make a left and go through the tv room. Go through the door of the bedroom and make a left. Go into the bathroom  and wait there by the sink.
Walk up the stairs and take a right at the landing at the top of the stairs and turn right into the den on the right side and stop in the doorway.
Exit and turn left. Keep walking towards the big painting on the wall, and turn towards the room that is placed on its right. Enter the bedroom, and turn left, and enter the empty closet, and stop there.
The poster is placed below the television next to the wardrobe.
Turn to the left and exit the closet.  Cross the hall to the left and enter the next room. Walk down that hall and enter the bedroom at the end.
The office is opposite to a public working office and has a road leading to the exit on the left side.
Walk forward. Stop inside the doorway.
Walk down the hallway into the recreation room and walk down the corridor towards the large wood and metal door and turn left to enter the theater on the other side of the large door and stop in front of the light switch.
The glass door is placed close to a white bookcase in the dining room.
The mouse is on the right side of two water bottles and two pack granule,at the edge of a desk,on a white book and above a note.
Walk over the red velvet rope and into the room with the large hanging chandelier. Walk over the next velvet rope, and wait beside the table in the center of the room.
Turn left and go inside the house. Go up the steps ahead and turn left. Go into the room and wait near the front row of couches.
Walk into the bedroom.  Walk to the doorway, and turn left.  Then walk straight down the hall, veer to the right by the stairs and then stop on the first step going down to the basement.  wait there.
Go forward to the first set of doors.
Stand between the white shelf and the long wooden table that has black, tan, and white chairs and is empty aside from a single plant.
Walk forward and make a left into the first hallway. Continue down that hallway and climb over the ropes in front of you, if they are there. Wait on the oriental rug on the floor in the sitting area.
between  the closetool and the mirror
next to a drawer, next to a hand sink
Go down the hallway that is to the left of the stairs. Continue down the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the entrance.
The cabinet is near a toilet.
Exit the bedroom through the door nearest the bed. Start down the stairs and stop four steps down.
The desk is set in a bedroom.
The table is set on a rectangular patterned carpet and under a ceiling lamp with yellow light.
Turn right and walk past the leather chairs. Walk down the hallway and wait in the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk past the table and head left only stopping once you're near the brick walls.
pot culture In the living room
Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn right. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk in front of the bathroom and stop.
on the table, among four bottles and first from right
Walk past the buffet table on the right. Make a right opposite the fireplace. Wait at the bench.
Leave the laundry room and veer slightly left to enter the bedroom across the hall. Stop in the bedroom once you are past the door.
With the desks to your right, walk towards the railing and go left.  Keep going until you get to the stairs on the right.  Go down the stairs and stop on the landing in the middle.
Go down the hallway opposite from the stairs, turn right at the first archway on the right and before you get to the far doorway stop.
Turn around and go across the room and exit the large double wood doors. Stop once you are outside of the room.
Go to the mirror Go to the light switch Go to the leopard settee Go to the pillow.
Walk through the bedroom until you reach the hallway. In the hallway, walk towards the balcony and open the glass sliding window. Stand in the window frame and stop.
The keyboard is near a corridor.
Exit the bathroom, exit the bedroom, turn right, go down the stairs, stop near counter.
Leave the room and walk down the hallway until you pass two chairs.  Stop in the doorway of the room on the left (it is directly after the second chair).
There is a laptop and a lamp  on the table.
Exit the room and climb the stairs to your right. At the top of the stairs, take an immediate left through the opening.
Turn around and go passed the clawfoot tub. Go towards the window up the stairs and stop.
Go out the door onto the porch and turn right. Go straight up the set of stairs. Wait by the rocking chairs by the wall.
The sofa is placed near a tearoom.
in front of two identical stools; faces a big glass door;
The chair is near a round table and in front of some frame and paintings.
Walk past the stairs and to the left of the double doors. Walk down the hallway and stop in front of the fireplace.
Go straight through the doorway.  Then turn to the right.  Go to a room that has paneling on the walls and one window at the end of the room.  Wait there on the patchwork tile.
There is a water-tap and a sink above the cabinet.
Go passed the fireplace and go through the door on the right passed the loveseat. Enter the room and go passed the dinner table. Continue and go through the doorway and stop.
Exit the bathroom by going straight. Turn right and wait in the hallway.
Go through the door to the sink. Turn left at the sink and go forward to the shower. Stop at the bedroom door.
Enter into the kitchen area and make a left into the doorway out of the kitchen. Make a right once you exit the kitchen and walk down toward the dining area with the wood floors. Walk around the dining room table and veer toward the left. You'll see the entry way. Stop in the entry way on the wood floor.
With the sink on your right, walk straight and turn just before stepping onto the rug.  Walk outside and stop in front of the first chair outside.
The telephone is on the table.
walk forward exiting the room, then turn hard left, then walk again, exit at the front of the gate.
Walk up the steps and turn left. Walk up the stairs and stop on the tenth step.
Exit the bedroom, turn left before the stairs, go into the room to the left through the white doors and then turn right into the bathroom and then stop.
The bathroom is built in the main room which  faces the balcony. Right below the room is the swimming pool.
next to the stove and the window
Turn around and go to the staircase.  Go down the staircase.  Go about half way down and then stop.  Wait there.
The computer is placed near a tea room and a big conference room.
Walk around the bed and out the door on your left.
Go out of the exercise room and go down the hall. Go past the mirror and turn right and wiat there in the doorway to the living room.
Go towards the Christmas trees ahead.Turn left and go out the door on the left. Then go through the door on the right. Follow the rug to the top of the stairs. Take a left and go into the room with the mirror above the desk.
The towel is put in a bathroom belong to the bedroom which is face the stairs
Go around the couches to the front row of couches and wait near the projector screen.
Pass the pool and go indoors using the double glass doors. Pass the large table with chairs and turn left and wait by the wine bottles that have grapes by them.
There are many beautiful pictures put on the side wall of the porch
Walk in the direction of the windows. Take a let at the next hallway. Take a right into the first office, and stop in the doorway.
Go left of the table than make a right than take your first left through the opening.
walk straight then turn right, walk again until you reach the table.
Towels in the toilet.
Walk away from the stairs and walk down the hallway. Enter the room at the end of the hallway. Stop in the doorway to the recreation room.
Walk down stairs, stop at the bottom.
under the desk,behind the door,in front of the chair
There is a book with the same state, size, colour next to it and a  round fan next to it.
Go along the bookshelf, turn left along the table, turn right along the table and wait near the second black chair.
exit bedroom, turn left, walk passed stairs, turn right, stop in bedroom.
Exit the room to the left. Continue to turn left and walk past the office on your right. When you see the underside of a staircase, look left for an entryway marked "Restroom" and head towards it. Stop in front of the water fountain.
Veer left through the doorway into the kitchen, then turn left at the buffet. Proceed through the kitchen to then exit through the doorway on the right. Entering the laundry room, wait there by the sink on the left.
The microwave is near a dining room.
Turn around and go to the other side of the table. Once you go past the table turn right and enter the double wood doors and stop in the hallway.
Go through the door and continue to the right door and go through it. Then stop.
It was between the two cabinets.
above the stove and next to the wall
The sofa is in a lounge.
The television is near a corridor and a storage room.
Walk down the stairs.  Continue straight towards the bathroom.  Wait beside the door.
The bedroom is next to the corridor on the second floor with balcony and stove.
Walk between the the tub and bathroom counter.  Go through the opening next to the bathroom counter and into the little hallway. Wait next to the family picture hanging on the left wall.
Go out the door to the right into the bedroom. Turn right and go down the stairs.
Walk straight past the couch towards the painting. Pass between the couch and the saxophone and stop in front of the painting.
Turn around and walk out of the bedroom. Take a right and wait in the kitchen.
The study has four doors and connects with the outside via a door.
The cabinet is set near a small conference room and a big conference room.
Turn around and continue down the stairs on the right. At the bottom of the stairs stop.
leave the doorway and walk down the hallway with windows to the outside on your right. Continue straight past the stairs and slightly left. Stop when there is a large wall of glass on your right with a few cement stairs.
next to the table, next to the window, among three chairs and first from right
Enter the house and take a left. Go down the hallway and enter the bedroom through the door at the end. In the room take a left into the kitchenette. Stop in front of the mini-fridge.
Tissue in the kitchen
Go forward turn left and left again and go up the stairs to the second flat and then stop.
You need to walk down the hall until you get to a painting on the left of a man and watermelon. Then go into the entry wall of the hall beside the painting and go into the bedroom in front of you. You should wait just inside the doorway.
on the carpet, in front of the big sofa, next to a chair
The lamp is beside the sofa and in the corner.
The door is set in the spacious bedroom.
The carbinet is in the study.
Go upstairs, past the couch and through the dining room. Wait in the entryway near the stairs.
It was sandwiched between a desk lamp and a table.
Walk through the display room, make a left into the brown double doorway and stop.
The whiteboard is set near a smaller conference and next to the hall.
Turn around and walk down the hallway to the end of the grey tile and stop.
Exit the bedroom, and turn right before you reach the staircase. Walk down the black corridor to the room straight ahead. Wait in the doorway.
Go straight and turn right and go through door on the right and stop in the next room by the bed.
The photo frame is placed near a big conference room and a small conference room.
The table is put close to the glass door in the dining room ,which is next to big mirror.
Exit the bedroom. Turn right. Continue and turn left onto the wooden floor. Stop next to the wooden table with a lamp on it.
Walk through the kitchen, and past the pantry cabinets. Walk into the dining room and stop outside of the bathroom.
Walk forward toward the windows and walk left through the first door on the left. Walk forward down the steps and turn left. Stop just inside the kitchen.
Turn 180 degrees and walk across the chairs and towards the grill. Enter the doorway and walk straight across the hall into the bedroom.
Walk out of bathroom and turn left. Walk through living room and wait by door on right side of room.
turn hard left and walk down hallway. at the end of the hallway turn right and go into the dining room.
Turn around to walk through the great room, pass the stairs and enter the first room on the left. Wait near the ottoman.
Walk across the bedroom and through the double doors. Wait in the bathroom on the other side of the dining area.
From porch enter house to kitchen and sit at white sofa.
Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom landing near the rail.
exit bedroom to hallway. follow hallway to the left, walk straight passed mirror and stop on rug.
Go left down the long hallway and stop at the door to the bedroom at the end of the hallway.
Walk through the kitchen and into the door on the left. Wait inside the bedroom.
Turn right. Walk between two couches. Stop before the stairs.
Go through the bathroom. Take a left after exiting the bathroom and go past the dining room table. Stop by the round table with a vase on top of the round rug.
Go up stairs.  Turn left at the top, and walk straight.  Turn right at the photo of a beach.  Enter the second door on the right.  Wait by bed.
The office is connected to the corridor leading to the exit and at the corner of a junction of three roads.
Pass the meters, exit the ulity room, into the main area, and go towards the second door on the left.  Face into this room and wait.
Exit the garage and go straight when you get to a room with beige sofas. Turn right and pass the beige sofas and stand near the round table with the clear vase that has green plants.
faces the flank of a table;in the middle of two sinks at the corner of the room.
The mirror is near a study.
Exit the kitchen passing the double ovens on the right. Go through the doorway and turn left into the bedroom. Wait in the bathroom.
Turn left and move towards the tables. Turn left and walk past the shelf into the hallway. Continue walking and stop in front of the green vase.
This area has a range of metal fences.
With the sink to your right, head towards the base of the stairs leading upwards. Pass by the stairs, with the stairs to your right. Then turn right and climb the two shallow steps.
Walk past the set of chairs and up the stairs. Walk past the stairs and turn right into the kitchen. Stop in front of the stove.
on the cabinet, next to the vase, next to the photo
Walk straight then turn right and go out the door on the left. Exit the room then turn right and go into the room straight ahead. Wait near the entrance.
Turn around and walk between the white couch and the other couch.  When you get past the couches, stop and wait.
Go straight and then after you pass the stairs go straight into the hallway and wait right by the painting with the small gazebo in the garden.
Exit the room on the door to your left then head straight until you get to a large room with three lounge chairs. Wait near the table and basket in that room.
Proceed down the hallway and through the corridor to the furthest doorway on the right. Enter the room and wait by the Wet Spa.
walk down the hall and turn left. Then walk past the dining room table and out the front door. Wait at the doormat.
Go out of the bathroom door into the bedroom, and out through the bedroom door  Go down the hall and when you get to another bathroom, turn the opposite way into a doorway and wait.
Go straight into the house. Go straight down the hallway and then turn left. Wait at the entrance of the room.
At the bottom of the stairs turn left. Walk through the doorway to the right of the glass doors. Enter the bedroom. Wait there.
Leave the laundry room and walk straight towards the stairs. Go up two stairs and stop.
The stair is behind a transparent table surrounded by transparent chairs and near a brown wooden table.
Walk past the tables and onto the blue and red rug.  Keep walking beside the long black table, towards the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs, and turn right. Walk inside the office and wait next to the desk.
Walk straight past the table and chairs and out the room using the double doors. Turn right and go through the double doors. Wait near the bottom of the stairs.
The stool is set in the bright kitchen.
There are some trees outside the living room and a television in the living room.
Exit the laundry room, go down the hallway past the kitchen. Wait inside the kitchenette.
Walk with the table on your right, up the stairs and to the right of the desk, in front of the glass conference room.
Exit the room into the hallway. Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left in the break room with the lockers and stop there.
on the right side of a yellow painting ,under two lights and on the left side of a box of napkins
Go right and walk through the door to the left of the bathroom. Go across the living room, and stop at the rug by the ottoman.
The clock is set near a corridor and a bedroom.
Enter the front door on your left.  Once inside walk straight through the kitchen area and stop in front of the washer/dryer in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk forward into the dining room with the curved chair. walk straight across the living room into the hall across the room. Stop next to the door inside the hall.
Facing the poster take a left and walk down the hallway towards the mirror and take a right at the end of the hallway and walk towards the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs before going down them.
Turn left and go straight passed the stairs. Enter the archway and stop on the right side of the entry.
The painting is in the second row, the first column of the six paintings and above two red and brown chairs.
The switch is in a corridor on the second floor.
Walk straight out of the bathroom past the dresser on the left. Turn left and walk into the room. Turn right and go out the room using the door on the right. Wait in the hallway.
Walk down forward and go inside. walk toward the curtain and then turn right into the doorway. Stop in the doorway.
The light is set in a small bed room.
Ascend stairs then walk to central room, with painting equipment.
The balcony is next to the living room and face a coutyard with a swimming pool.
Keeping the tapestry on your left, walk straight through the dining room and out the door.  Turn right when you get to the tub in the next room and stop just before going up the stairs.
From the stairs enter the hallway and go left. Take the first door on the right and stop in the bathroom.
Walk forward into the living room, and go between the two accent chairs out onto the deck. Stop in the doorway for the deck.
Turn left and go past the table and chairs. Turn right into the hallway. Turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
The corridor is on the second, has some rooms and two stairs.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Pass the closet then turn right. Walk toward the bed and wait there.
Go through the door to the right and then go straight to the stairs. Pass the stairs and go to the back of the couch.
Walk along the kitchen counter, then turn right, proceed past the arched windows. Wait by the buffet.
Walk down the hallway passing the bathroom and picture with worded text. Continue through the open door straight ahead. Continue down the hall and into the bedroom at the end with couches and arm chairs around a fireplace.
Go straight and through the entryway on the right into the big room. Go left into the hall, and stop in the room on the right by the bottom of the stairs.
Go right until you hit a wall then go left and take a hard right into the bedroom then go into the bathroom.
Leave the bathroom, and enter the bedroom. Go out onto the balcony through the bedroom door. Stop once you pass the door.
Walk between counter and stove across  kitchen and stop in the middle of dinning room.
Go straight until you pass the two statues that are one on each side then turn right and continue down the hallway until you see a room on the right with a large table and six chairs with a chandelier. Stop there.
Walk to the other end of the room and wait in the last hallway on the right.
Walk out of the bathroom and take a left. Take a left at the open door that's on the right. Walk by the pool table and wait by the double doors.
Turn around and head towards the small circular table. Take a light left turn past the stairs to the wall on the side of it. Make a right turn into the small hallway.
face a sofa, right above the switch.
Leave the bedroom and walk straight down the hall. Once you pass the brown leather chairs on your left, take the left to the bedroom. Stop in the doorway before you enter the bedroom.
The desk is next to a big cabinet with a computer and in front of a red chair.
Exit living area make a slight left and walk toward the office area, and wait.
Walk through the doorway and make a sharp turn right then left behind the couch. Walk past the table with the plants and stop by the dining room table and chairs.
Walk out of the room and take a left. In the hall take a right and go to the stairs. Stop on the second store from the bottom.
next to a lamp, in front of a window
Exit the patio doors and move left, stopping at the entrance of the next set of doors, in front of the white armchair.
Turn and walk out the door to the left of the bed. Turn right and walk along the walkway. At the end of the walkway make a slight left and take two step into the study. Stop right there.
Exit the dining room by the door on the left and take a right.  Wait inside the bedroom.
Walk straight to green vase, turn left and enter work room. Stop at paper rolls.
facing a door, on the left of a hand sink
The shower is settled in the corner of a bathroom on the second floor.
face a door, next to a washbasin and towel
the storage room is in the end of a corridor which links a living room and a corridor.
Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom into the closet on the right of the bed.Stop next to the door in the closet.
Go straight past the bed. Go down the hallway. Turn left and wait by the room with the double white doors.
The bathtub is beside the toilet and the window.
on the wall, facing the stairs
go across the room and turn left at the bookshelf. Go straight and stop in front of the large vase.
Pass the hockey table and wait by the couch.
pass glass wall. turn right into bedroom, stop by head of bed.
under a washbasin, facing a gas stove
The picture is in the first row, the first column and on the opposite side of a big picture themed with mountain and lake and tree.
There are no small pillows on the chair, Facing two beach chairs.
Head straight and exit the bedroom door. Turn right towards another bedroom and stop there.
the living room is next to a rest room and a balcony.
Head out the door on your right and down the hallway. Keep right past the stairs. Turn left and exit the wood door leading outside. Stop when you are right outside the door facing the street.
Walk straight, then turn left and exit the kitchen. Walk toward the dining table and chairs. Stop and wait by the chairs.
go up the stairway with the handrail until you get to the bathroom.  Go through the bathroom and into the bedroom.
The doorhand is close to the toilet and bathroom.
Walk straight down the hallway with the elevators on your right. Stop in front of the last elevator on the right.
Go straight into the bathroom, around the bathtub, and into the right doorway to the exercise room.
Go behind the chairs and into the large entry on the right. Then turn left and go towards the front door. Stop in front of the bench.
Walk down hall passed stairs to bathroom, wait at sink.
on the table, in front of a shelf
Wall is in the living room.
Walk past the living area. Turn left just past the six photos of children with their dog on the wall. Stop next to the framed text in a hole in the wall with a light above it.
Exit the bathroom then when you get to the bedroom go out the door on your left and wait there.
Go straight and pass the pool. Pass the two chairs on the right and go into the house using the large glass sliding door. Wait there.
walk slight left behind kitchen counter. Turn slight right and walk towards doorway. Stop in doorway next to counter.
The vase is placed on the table in the living room.
Turn around and walk out of the room. Walk down the hall and take a left into the bedroom. Take a right and wait in front of the closet.
The switch is near a toilet and a bedroom.
The glass door is to a small balcony which is placed outside living roomthe one which is placed close to the leisure area with two same glass made tea table in it.
The screen is in a large office owning the number 377.
The stool is set in the middle of kitchen.
The bookcase is near a bedroom.
Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward and wait in the room with 2 paintings.
The desk is surrounded by wooden fences.
Go straight then slightly left to continue straight. Then pass the three lounge chairs and go into the door on the right straight ahead. Wait at the entrance.
The chair is in a small office for four poeple working in.
a room with two identical beds and a bathtub.
turn around and go towards the door down the hall and the windows stop as soon as you hit the wine holders.
Go right and continue to the glass door.
Walk past the window seat through the archway on the right. Enter the first bedroom on the right and wait in the en suite bathroom.
Walk down the stairs, turn right and continue straight into the bedroom. Stop and wait near the doorway.
exit massage room and turn left walk straight down hallway turn slight left in lounge room and enter the door on the left. stop between two benches.
Go into the large bedroom with a blue rug that has pink flowers on it, and three round tables on the rug. Continue through that room into the room with four windows, all with blue curtains and blue seating areas as a part of the walls just under the windows. Stop right as you enter the room, before the blue rug.
Walk through the hallway ahead. Walk past the stairs and turn into the first open door on the right that leads into a bathroom with a large glass shower.
Turn to face bed. Walk out of the room down the left wall. At first doorway in the hall, turn right. Enter bathroom. Stop in front of first sink.
Walk out of the room with the TV to your left. Walk into the small hallway and make a left towards the stairs. Walk around the stairs and stop just short of the bathroom doors.
Go right down the hallway past the paintings and take the first left. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk towards the refrigerator and make a right turn after you pass the island. Go towards the two blue chairs and stop between them and the kitchen table.
The plant  is placed next to a conference room and next to the gate.
Exit the glass door and turn left. Walk passing the black bench and stop outside the entrance of the door leading to the living room.
there are three small pillows put at the corner of the sofa,  and the target is put front facing the big glass door to the balcony
Leave the bathroom ad bedroom. Enter the room on the left of the stairs. Stop before you pass the fireplace.
With the window at your back walk forward into the hallway and take a right. walk across the room and into the hallway on the other side of the room. Stop in the hall outside of the bathroom.
Exit kitchen across living room to bedroom with red bed. Stop at glass walls.
walk through dining room, turn right and enter hallway walk straight in hallway, follow hallway slight left passed the wine fridge, stop in theater at stairs.
Exit the bathroom through the open door.   Make a hard right and walk forward.  Enter the doorway straight ahead to enter another bathroom. Wait by the urinals.
There's a outlet on its left and a jar behind it.
Walk away from the bookshelf and straight past the stairs into the main room and walk past the half wall and take a right past the half wall into the boiler room and stop to the right of the rug near the sink.
The area is next to the dining room and the living room.
Walk past the fridge on the right. Walk past the dining room on the right. Make a right just after the wine fridge to the left. Wait at the white bench in the foyer.
The black board is placed in the tearoom.
Walk out the doorway to the right, and walk down the stairs. Walk towards the door that leads outside, and stop when you are standing near the red seat.
Walk through the doorway with black curtains.  Immediately take a sharp left, and enter through the door left of the mirror.  Make a quick right, and walk forward until you reach stairs.  Walk down the stairs.  Wait by red flowers in the left corner.
Walk past the foot of the bed on your right and exit the bedroom through the door in front of you. Take a dogleg to the right and continue walking. When you can take a ninety degree turn to the right, do so and stop just to the left of the circular rug in front of the door leading outside.
Walk past the fireplace on the left. Walk up stairs. Walk past the Stairs on the left. Enter the library. Wait at the desk.
Turn around. Head straight down the hallway into the bedroom. Turn left into the first doorway into the closet. Turn to the left and face the corner with shelves and wicker basket and stop.
Enter the dining room with hardwood floors.  Turn left after you enter the dining room and walk past the dinner table.  Enter the door to the left of the swirly blue and orange painting. Wait here.
The fruits are near a dining room.
Exit the bedroom and take a right. Turn right at the laundry room. Wait in front of the bathroom.
Enter house through glass doors, walk across dinging room to hall, turn right into laundry room, wait here.
Exit the bathroom and walk straight past the front desk. Turn left at the end of the desk into a hallway. Walk straight past two black urns until you see large black urn in front of you. Turn right in to the next room and wait in the center of it.
Go up the stairs and go straight towards the decorative rug. Walk off the rug and stop before you go down the stairs.
Leave the bedroom and take a left. Take a left into the laundry room. Stop in front of the sink in the laundry room.
Walk towards the wall that has a mirror and enter the bedroom on the left.  Walk through the bedroom and step outside.
Go straight passed the bar and stop in front of the white table.
Turn left at the exit sign and continue down the hall, at the first door turn right.
Go left down the way pass the table on the left, continue on pass the brown couch and stop to the left before the doorwaY.
Walk out the door and then turn left. Walk to the end of the hallway and then turn left. Turn right and stop when you enter the room.
Walk straight through the living room area, and up a small set of stairs. Turn right, then stop in front of the dining table.
The wooden cabinet is placed at the corner of the detached bedroom, which is close to the glass door to the balcony.
on the table, next to the vase, behind the photo
The cabinet is near a toilet and a bedroom.
Walk down the steps to the fist platform. Take one step forward toward the brick wall.
exit theater room up steps into hall. Turn slight left into living room, stop at couch.
Walk along the hallway out through the open door. Walk towards the barber chair. Turn and walk towards the room with lounge beds and a glass shelf.
Exit the room. Go forward toward the plant right of the staircase. Turn right after passing the double doors. Turn into the first door on the left leading to a restroom. Stop there.
Walk down the corridor toward the exit sign. Enter the door on the left and stop just inside the room.
Face the open door. Turn right and walk into the dining area. Next, turn left and walk past the wooden lattice structure. Wait by the thermostat on the wall.
The meeting room is along a corridor leading to the lobby and between two stairway doors.
Leave the bathroom, walk past the kitchen and wait in the sitting area.
Exit kitchen toward stairs, make a left, head toward piano, ascend the two steps and wait.
Walk down the wooden flight of stairs with the paintings on the wall. Stop at the bottom of the stairs facing the armchair and checkerboard side table below.
Exit the laundry room, make a right and go through the hallway until the end and then make a right into the bedroom and then wait.
The dining room is next to a kitchen and there is a road on one side.
Leave the bathroom and go into the second door to the right of the kitchen.  Stop after entering this empty room.
close to two picture which are put on the side wall ,the target is at the corner outside the bedroom ,in the porch
Walk straight past everything and go down one step down the stairs then stop.
Walk up the steps and in the front door of the building. Go straight past the stairs and into the living room and kitchen. Wait by the counter.
The sofa is set near a white sofa, near a black television and next to a black table.
proceed away from the bathroom, towards the doorway to the left of the bed exit the doorway towards the table with 4 chairs proceed through the doorway on your right walk outside until you are in between the doorway you just walked through, a fire pit, and a second doorway.
Walk passed the circular desk towards the decoration pots. Walk through the hallway with the pots and continue through the glass door. Walk Past the water cooler and through the open doorway.
Facing the wall and the double doors take a right and walk next to the wall then hang a slight right to walk in front of the long serving table covered in a white table cloth and stop next to the dining chair that sits to the right of the bar counter.
Walk through the dining area and out the front door. Stop on the mat outside the door.
You need to walk through the doorway to the hall beside the kitchen. Now make a left in the hallway and make a right when you get to the couch. Go through the doorway of the office and wait.
The cabinet is on the top of the oven and next to the refrigerator.
Exit the bathroom, turn right and exit the bedroom. Stand outside the bedroom door.
Go straight down the hallway and then turn right and stop by the white furniture with the four picture frames and the two white vases on on each side.
Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward until you reach room 339. Wait in the doorway.
Walk to the end of the hallway. Stand and the end, in the middle of the two hallways.
walk towards the stair case.  walk up about 7 steps and stop in the middle of the stairs.
Walk straight toward the stairs. Go around the hallway and wait near the top of the stairs going down.
Walk into the room, and keep heading down the hall until you reach the end. Then, make a sharp left and keep going forward until you reach the door on your right at the end of the hallway.
The photo frame is placed in the corridor.
Walk passed the foot of the bed and towards the open door on the other side of the room. Walk passed the sofa and towards the dining room table.
Walk straight down the hallway past some pictures on the right wall.  Keep going straight through a doorway.    When you get to the first door on your right go into the bathroom and keep walking until the toilet is on your right and the sink is on your left.
Walk past the wine cellar and take a right. Take another right. Pass the dinning table and walk into the kitchen. Wait next to the gray carpet.
Go straight through the room opposite the staircase and passed the table on the right, go to the right side of the room and step near the circle table, to the left of the circle table and stop.
Exit the bathroom then go straight down the hallway. Turn right and go into the bedroom and wait by the bed.
Go straight up the stairs and enter the door of the bathroom straight ahead.
Walk forward. Take a left at the large vase. Veer right, and head to the table tennis table. Stop at the edge of the table.
The chair is on the opposite side of a studio as well as a study.
The mirror is near the bed and the lamp.
Walk forward out of the dining room past the table on the left. Walk through the living room. Stop in front of the door, but parallel with the table o the left.
Go left outside and stop between the first and second set of tables and chairs.
on the right of the small table, next to the nightstand, under the picture
Walk straight and then turn right. Walk straight into the arch ahead and wait near the giraffe statue.
Walk past the pool table. Go straight until you get to the hallway on the left. Turn left to the hallway and wait there.
Walk through hallway with mirror on left wall, walk straight through until room with exercise equipment is reach, walk through door and stop.
Turn around and exit the bedroom through the door. Turn right, move forward to the chair and turn right again. Next move forward through the large doorway ahead and into a living room. Move forward and stop on the corner of the red rug nearest the door you entered.
Exit the bedroom and then exit the living room area. Wait just outside the living area, in the hallway.
Walk out of the bathroom then walk out of the second room. Turn left and enter the room right in front of you.
Leave and take a left. Walk in the direction of the stairs. Stop before you enter the kitchen right at the entrance.
Exit current room then make a left, walk forward toward sitting area, and wait.
There is a big sofa on a carpet and a small lamp in the corner in the living room.
The mirror is above a white sink and opposite to a green painting with golden border.
Exit the bathroom and continue straight to the bedroom at the end of the hall. Wait in front of the television and the bed.
Turn towards the white set of shelves, Pass by it to your left and go down the hallway towards a very large green glass vase.  Stop in front of the vase.
Walk straight across the room, passing the group of sinks on your left. Enter the walk in closet and wait.
The chair is in a bedroom on the second floor.
Walk between the kitchen counter and dining table and stop at the glass partition.  Look into the family room below and wait.
Walk straight past the table on the right and the bookcase on the left then turn left. Wait in the hallway.
The vase is in a laundry.
Exit the room and proceed through the corridor and hall way. Pass through the room and wait in the doorway.
Walk down the steps and turn right. Walk down the hall and stop in front of the fireplace.
The pillows are on the bed, beneath two paintings.
The chair is set on the right corner of the livingroom facing the balcony.
enter room with blue carpet, go to top of stairs, go through door on right.
The printer is near the stairs of the exit and near an empty office.
Walk past the kitchen and through the doorway on the left. Wait in the outdoor kitchen bar area.
Walk down the hallway, enter the bathroom, wait at the shower door.
Exit bathroom and go into the bedroom. Turn left and exit through door on the left towards the hallway. Once in kitchen, turn right and wait by the door next to the kitchen table.
Turn right and enter the hallway, then turn left and stop outside of the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom, and immediately turn right. Walk past the stairs, into the kitchen straight ahead.  Once inside, wait at the end of the counter top.
Walk around the bed and past the television. Walk out of the bedroom and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The book is opposite to a row of boothes and in front of two single rooms.
Leave the kitchen through the door on the left. Walk into the foyer, and veer right. Stop in front of the bench on the right.
Walk past the plywood cabinet and desk. Walk past the glass walled conference room and to the top of the stairs on the left. Stop at the top of the stairs.
The cabinet is settled on the right side of a induction cooker and near a big table with a metal sink.
The pillow is placed near a tearoom.
Go indoors and straight through a black door and then go into the second door on your left and wait by the washer.
Go along the wall past the front door and take the first right. Go down this hall and enter the first door on the right to the laundry room.
The tablet computer is placed on a cabinet and near three glass jars.
walk away from outside, on the left side of round table, turn left after dining table, walk past mirror on right, turn right down hallway, walk straight and turn right in first doorway, stop in front of washing machine.
Stand so the bookshelves are behind you.  Exit the sitting room via the door on the opposite wall that leads into a dining area.  Walk to the right of the dining table and towards the front door.  Stop just before passing through this door with the hat rack on your left.
Enter the bedroom door. Turn left and go straight to the sink. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right and go through the door between two paintings.
Walk past the bed and turn right down the hall. Walk past the end table with the flowers down the hall. Turn left and stop in the doorway.
Turn right and then turn left in the hallway. Turn right at the door and continue to the right of the doorway and stop.
Walk out of the door. Make a right turn and walk past the long table against the wall. Walk towards the left into the kitchen.
Exit the wine cellar. Go straight past the table and chars. Walk toward the front door and wait there.
Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom into the hallway. In the hallway take your first right into the television room. Stop next to the door in the television room.
Walk past two paintings at the bottom of the stairs. Walk into the great room, and wait at the fridge.
Go straight then turn right and go straight until you get to the couches and the fireplace. Wait there.
Walk down the hallways into the living room and make a right at the couch heading towards the table in the middle of the room with the plant.
Walk down the stairs and take a right to keep going down. At the bottom of the stairs take a  right and go past the Christmas tree. Walk past the chairs o the left and go to the doorway. Go through the doorway on the left and enter the bathroom stopping in front of the sink.
Go to the door Go to the  thermostat Go to the  light switch Go to the  couch.
Exit the room using the door on the right. Go up the steps then stop there.
The chair is in a small office whose number is 361.
Walk out of the bathroom into the bedroom. Walk left out of the bedroom. Walk across the hall and into the bedroom. Stop by the black chair.
Turn left and enter the doors directly ahead. Walk to the dining table. Wait there.
Walk out of the bathroom area into the room with two small beds. Walk out of the door near the beds and into the hallway. Walk through the open glass double doors and through the room towards the counter top opposite from elevator doors on the other side of the room.
Walk down the hallway past the stairs towards the bedroom. Stop and wait just before crossing into the next room.
The bottle is located in a living room.
Take a right into the room being remodeled and a left at the end of the room. Walk to the end of the hall and stop in the first doorway on your right.
Turn around and head down the hall. Turn left at the table and head towards the other table. Go through the entryway on to the terrace and stop.
A bottle of flowers and some fruits were placed on the table.
This bedroom has one massage bed and connects with a gymnasium.
Exit the bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Turn right and proceed down the hallway and enter the master bathroom.  Wait near the shower.
Walk straight down the hallway towards the staircase, stop at the first door on the right after the staircase.
Turn slightly right and walk forward straight into the doorway in front of you with a rug, Once you enter, turn right and stop in the doorway of the room.
Exit bathroom and turn left into hallway. Turn left at the room with the table in the middle. Walk on the left hand side of the stairs to the archway. Stop at archway.
Walk out of the double doors. Make a right towards the built-in wall arch. Turn left at the hall entrance. Make a left into the room next to the wall photos.
Exit the room using the double doors on the left then continue straight until you see a stairs on the slight right. Turn right and go straight until you pass the stairs and get to the kitchen. Stop near the bar with the stool/chairs.
The picture is near a living room and a corridor.
Enter the hallway on the left with the stairs. Proceed past the art niche, then turn right into the dining room. Wait on the rug by the table.
Walk forward and turn left. Walk slightly left, following the countertop on the left and walk through the glass doors into the sitting room. Wait near the couch.
next to the window, over against the bed
Walk to the left side of the bed and exit out the door. Once out, walk to the left side of the pool table and cross the room. Turn left and then right to follow the black railing and the hallway. Stop before the railing starts to turn to the right and before you reach the painting set into the wall.
There is a mirror, toilet and sink in the toilet.
Exit the room through the smaller archway, make a right at the black table, go around the table and then stop in the archway just to the left of the tall greyish painting.
The stool is placed in the front desk.
Turn left to face desk. Walk toward door to leave the room. Turn left outside room. Walk down hall to living room. Turn left to enter living room. Walk past kitchen island. Stop next to round table.
Enter the house and walk through the kitchen. Take the second left and go down the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the bottom.
Walk forward down the strip of gray tiling until you come to a brown cabinet on your right. Take a couple more steps forward and turn right. Staying on the gray tile, walk forward until you're even with the second lounge chair on the left. Stop and wait.
The plant is set in the spacious kitchen.
The stove is set on the right side of the oven and behind a silvery sink.
next to a black table, below a picture
Enter the building, walk past the fireplace and stairs. Stop in the corridor, near the coat room.
next to the door and the woody cabinet
Enter the dining area and then enter the living room area. Walk outside on the patio that is on the left and wait there.
Go to the bottom of the stairs. Go to the back of the purple couch. Go to the large metal pillar. Go to the hallway between the two metal chairs. Go out the glass doorway on the right side and stop.
Walk down the first flight of stairs and turn right. Go down 2 steps and stop.
Walk past the kitchen into the dining area. Wait by the window at the other end of the table.
Enter the building, take a left and go through the living area and stop on the carpet.
Exit the room through the only doorway. Turn to the left and walk past the table with the glass vase. Stop in front of the piano.
Go straight. Pass the bed and continue straight until you get to the desk then turn right and wait near the tv.
There is an identical sofa on its right, two pillows are put on it.
Walk into the room, directly right of the three pictures on the wall. Walk through the room, and through the doorway on the left. Stop when you are in front of the mirrow.
Walk across to the far side of the corridor, then stop near the stairway on the left and wait.
Head to the end of the hallway, go upstairs and stop in the middle of the first flight of stairs.
Exit the restroom. Turn left and go to the right side of the staircase. Go to the other side of the table on the far side of the white couch.
Walk to the right of the green couch, turn right at the black chair and left again down the hallway. Turn left at the first doorway and stop at the top of the stairs leading down.
The area has a black hair dryer and a door.
Walk along the banister rail down the hallway passing the small side table with a lamp on top. Walk into the next open door on the right with a written plaque avove the door. Walk into the room with a patchwork blanket on the bed.
Leave the bedroom through the arched doorway. Walk through the hallway and into the open area. Stop in front of the balcony straight ahead.
Walk past the two silver chairs and into the bedroom. Turn right and then right again. Walk past the glass bookshelf and turn left. Wait near the desk.
the men's and women's changing rooms are out of the big hall
The lamp is set in the spacious bedroom.
The computer is placed on a yellow table and in front of a black chair,next to a white earphone.
almost at the turning of the corridor;
This is a spacious, green corridor.
walk down stairs, turn left, walk down stairs,  at bottom walk to the left side of single brown chair and stop.
Leave the closet and take a right. Take a left in the hallway, and enter the library area. Stop once you enter the room.
Leave the wine room and walk around the dining table to the opposite side.  Walk down the two steps and stop in front of the wooden door, underneath a chandelier.  You will be standing on the far left corner of the criss cross floor decoration.
The big cloth sofa is put hard by the wall and there is a median size mirror installed on the wall, two same glass made tea table are in front of it.
The bedroom is next to a corridor and there is a living room downstairs.
The television is near a corridor and a laundry.
Walk down the tiled floor past the backside of the couches towards the dining room area. Pass by the columns and bar stool against the counter and continue foreward through the ached entryway to the next room.
the kitchen is next to a open-balcony.
Continue down the stairs, then proceed forward down the hallway to the left of the painting on Einstein.  Walk down that short hallway and through the doorway to the bedroom. Stop one foot from the doorway in the room.
Turn 180 degrees and walk down the steps. Turn right at the bench and take two steps. Turn sharp left and walk straight alongside the railings. Turn right into the doorway after the painting on the right side wall. Once in the room, walk into the bathroom doorway to the right of the bed. Wait by the sink.
sofa there are six pillows on it and a small table in front
The drawer faces the window and near the living room.
Walk up the stairs and take a left. Go past the wall with the clock and the thermostat. Stop in front of the counter.
Enter the living room, Walk towards the second door from the left, walk down the hall, and wait by the stairs.
Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn left. Walk up the stairs and down the hall. Walk into the doorway on the right and stop.
Walk down the path past the cactus. Keep walking past the plants step into the room and stop by the door.
The chair is next to a living room.
Turn to the right. Walk through the hall between the kitchen and the living area. Walk to end of hall. There should be a large wooden table at the end. Stop at the last chair on the right.
There are decorations on the pottted plant's right in the massage bedroom.
The screen is set near the stairs and the hall.
Exit the room, taking an immediate left and going into the next room, stopping in the doorway.
Go through the door. Turn right and go down the hallway to the Exit sign. Make a left and go straight until the hallway turns right. Keep doing down the hallway and stop at the first door on the right.
The painting is near a toilet and a bedroom.
next to a mirror, facing a black table
walk out of the doorway take a hard left. when you get to the couch take a hard left. walk down the hallway to the second pillar and take a left. wait by the counter.
Exit the room then turn right and head down the hallway. Turn left into the opening and then head straight until you get to large glass sliding doors that lead to the outside. Go out and wait there.
Walk straight to leave the kitchen and take a left at the first counter, and another left heading past the stairs. Stop in the doorway to the main entrance.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk past the bar and stairs. Walk up the stairs. Stop on the second step.
there is a corridors outside the door
under the window, next to the sofa
Go down the stairs to the landing. Go down three stairs on your right, and stop.
This picture is located in a spacious and bright bedroom
Go to the right of the stairs and passed the stairs on the left and keep going down the hallway, at the first doorway step in and stop.
Walk straight through the living room with the couch on your right. Go through the doorway into the bedroom at the end of the walkway. In the bedroom take a left and stop in the entry way just before the rug.
Exit the bedroom on the right, make a right, go straight through to the next room, wait in the middle of the room.
The dustbin is placed next to the hall and near a reading room.
Go to the end of the bed Go to the flowers Go to the glass doors Go to the chair Go to the small painting Go to the rug.
The chair is the fifth one in a row of chairs from right to left while facing to the chairs, behind a red leather sofa and opposite to a brown wooden desk.
Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Turn right into the closet and wait there.
The sofa is near the balcony, near the bookcase.
The door is located in a living room.
Walk towards the spiral stairs, pass by it, and enter the bathroom.
Walk out of the laundry room and turn left. Turn right and walk into the first door on the right. Stop just inside the bathroom door.
Walk into the office and exit. In the hall go straight and enter the theater through the first door on your left. Stop on the carpet nest to the ottoman table.
The power switch is on the wall and beside the staircase.
Walk past the kitchen island on the right. Make a left at the switch-plate on the wall to the left. Walk past the wood panel wall dividers on the right. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Enter the open bedroom door to the right of the black leather chair. Wait at the TV.
Go into the living room and and walk to the kitchen on the right. Stop next to the counter once you enter the kitchen.
there is a kitchen in front of the kitchen
Exit the room and turn right. Walk up the first set of stairs. Then turn left and walk up to the main stair case and wait near the bottom.
Exit toilet and turn left down hall, turn right and walk across dining room to outside. Stop next to chairs outside.
Turn around and walk towards the word SKI on the wall and then turn left. Exit out the door on your right. Once out the door turn right and enter the bedroom and stop facing the whole room.
Between a door and a painting, facing another painting.
Exit the garage through the open door to your left. Head straight down the hallway into the room directly ahead. Wait just inside the doorway beside the shelves.
Walk toward the pool table then turn right. Go into the door straight ahead and wait near the back row of couches.
next to the white lamp, across from the mirror
Walk forward until you hit the glass door then turn left. Walk past the painting on the left then take a hard left and enter the carpet room.
Turn right and exit the room, and then walk straight ahead and walk through the arch. Take a right, and go forward until you're in front of a decoration on your right.
Go inside and turn left toward the kitchen area. Stop next to the round glass dining table.
Go up the stairs in front of you. At the top, walk forward and stop facing the large frame.
Leave the recreation area and walk across the gangway. Stop at the foot of the right bed.
Go to the room at the end of the hallway and make a right.  Turn right into the room and stop next to the glass shelving unit.
Walk to the far end of the room and stop at the top of the steps.
Turn right and stop just inside the bedroom.
The tea room is next to the exit and opposite to the resting area.
Turn around and walk past the beds, at the end of the pool turn right. Wait near the doorway.
Walk down the stairs to  the bottom.  Then walk down the hallway to your right and enter the bedroom. Wait by the closet door.
Exit the room and turn right. Follow the hallway passed the topiaries and turn left at the second one. Cross the white table and stop.
Turn right and go through the door, go passed the couch and then turn left and stop.
Go through the kitchen, make a left towards the fridge, and stop at the fridge.
Walk through the kitchen toward the left, then turn right and wait in the doorway on the right by the appliances.
Walk into the room and right past the table and chairs. Stop just past the grate wall.
Walk past the fireplace and the chair. Walk past the staircase and turn right into the kitchen. Stop just inside the kitchen.
there is a bedroom across the corridor
on the third row of the bookcase, on the right of the television
The kitchen is on the second floor and next to the dining room.
The cabinet is near a corridor with a stair and a empty room.
Move forward to go down the stairs. Continue forward past the two open doors and wait near the pantry doorway.
Walk forward toward the white shelves. Walk down the path to the right of the shelves. Stop in front of the large, green vase.
beside a hair dryer on the wall and a brown basket on the floor; below a long mirror with black rims;
Facing the mirror take a right. Take a right and enter the bedroom on the left. Enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower.
Walk around the round table towards the kitchen counter. Turn right at the kitchen counter towards the refrigerator, and stop there.
Walk toward your left down the hallway. The stairs and a closet will be on your left hand side. Continue down the hallway with the artwork and pictures. Stop at the end of the hallway outside of the open bedroom doors.
Turn right and go down the hallway towards the bedroom at the end of the hall. Go in the bedroom and wait in front of the bathroom door.
Walk up the stairs, and take a left towards the dresser. Stop right after you walk through the door that leads to the bathroom.
Walk through doorway on the left that, walk towards the open doorway across the way that passes the pool, stop in from the door next to the green push.
The lamp is on a wooden desk and near a chair and a picture.
next to a furnace, near a door
The stone is placed near a reading room and the hall.
next to a similar stool and the hallway; behind a bar with a row of magazines on it;
The chair is in the center of a big and bright dining room.
Exit the bathroom then go out the door on your right then head toward the pool table and wait near the pool table.
There are some red cabinets near the desk.
Turn around and walk towards the white chair on the left. Take a left when you reach the chair When you reach the second set of stairs on the left that go up, wait on the first step.
The lamp is next to the French window and face to the door.
Exit the sitting area through the second set of doors on the right. Walk down the hall and wait in the room to the left, next to the wardrobe.
They are very close to the bathroom and living room.
Turn left and keep walking until you exist the shower. Turn left again to walk past the bathtub, then stop when you're facing the bedroom.
The screen is near a corridor.
There  is a  red bench next to it and a sign near it.
The fan is set in a corner of the hall.
With the opening for the double wood and glass doors immediately behind you, go forward and enter the second room on your left. Go into the room and stop in front of the display of the sword.
Turn around and walk across the hallway, stop at the entrance to the kitchen.
The bed is in the middle of two wooden stools.
Walk down the stairs, Take a left at the double doors, and enter the bating area. Stop in the doorway to the bathing area.
in the center of a cubicle.
Walk around the dinning room table, past the front door and enter the office.  Wait near the desk.
Walk around the bed and exit the bedroom. Turn right into the bathroom and wait by the sink.
The door is in a laundry.
The calendar is on top of a box and near a corner, hanging on the wall.
on the right of a green pencil-box,at the right edge of the desk with a orange magazine on it
Walk up the stairs and go straight down the hall. Enter the bedroom through the first door on the right. Stop before you reach the rug.
Go right through the archway, go straight passed the stairs on the left and into the archway on the left, make a left, make a right passed the table and go inside the doorway and stop.
Walk straight into the kitchen. Go through the kitchen until you get to the fridge. Before you get to the fridge turn right. U turn left and go into the hallway. Wait there.
exit sitting room to hallway. Walk down hallway to first room on the right and stop at doorway.
Leave the bathroom and go down the hall. At the end of the hall take a right and enter the living room. Stop next to the three shelves on the right.
This sink is in the study.
Walk forward until you have reached stairs on your left. Turn to face the stairs and go up one step.
Walk toward the fireplace and turn left. Walk past the table in the center of the room and through the entryway. Turn right and stop just inside the bathroom.
under the desk, in front of the bed
Go right into the hallway, and go straight into the open door on the left.
on the right of a pillar,on the left of some black knapsacks
Go straight toward the round table. Turn left before you get to the round table and wait near the drinking fountain.
Walk around the hollow square wall and to the left. Walk down the hall wand into the doorway between the paintings. Stop in the doorway.
From the window, go past the bed and into the closet area, stopping just outside of the closet/bathroom area.
Go up the three steps then turn right and then turn right again and wait by white and black painting in the wall.
Go through the doorway and turn left. Go through the next doorway to the left of the refrigerator. Turn right and enter the laundry room.
The fitness equipment is in a bedroom.
Go to the left.  Walk between the couches.  Continue through the archway.  Turn left and enter the room on the right. It's a bedroom.  When you get just to the doorway, you'll stop and wait there.
Turn around so that you are facing the open doorway.  Walk towards the two open white doors.  Walk through the doors.  Proceed down the hall until you reach an open doorway on your right.  Stop and turn ninety degrees until you are facing the open doorway.  Walk through the open doorway and stop.  You are in a large room, and there should be a large table in front of you.
Walk all the way forward towards the end room that is in front of you which is a bathroom. Enter the bathroom and stop there.
Exit the room, walk through the living room, wait at the doorway to the hall that leads to the stairs.
The kitchen is next to a kitchen and there is a bathroom upstairs.
Walk past the television and left into the hallway. Walk past the end table and turn left by the picture. Stop in front of the bathroom.
Turn towards the right and walk past the blue chairs. Take a left after passing the second blue chair and follow the walkway by the rails. Take the stairs on the right. Walk down the first flight of stairs and stop at the top of the second flight.
Leave the laundry room and turn right to enter the kitchen.  Stop in front of the refrigerator.
Walk away from the couch and under the landing of the staircase above your head.  There are five doors in front of you.  Walk through the doorway that is just to the right of the center door.  This will take you into a bathroom.  Walk into the bathroom and stop in front of the mirror.
Walk down the hallway to the door leading outside to the deck.  Stop in front of the painting, a few steps away from the door to the deck.
Go through the door way into the reception area and then through the double glass doors.  Go to the doorway to the left of the circle bar.  Go through the doorway and stop.
Leave bathroom to bedroom and exit. Wait in hall.
Walk forward and turn right. Walk forward and stop at the dinner table.
Go inside. Go straight past the desk. Turn left and go past the bench on the right. Turn right and wait near the white couch.
The remote control is on the wall in a small living room.
above a sofa, next to a window
Walk through the kitchen and take a slight left through the doorway. Turn right and then right again, walking past the side table. Wait near the entryway door.
Go straight and then turn left and go into the room on the right that is right by the alarm controller. Wait by the sink.
Walk towards the piano and turn left though the doorway. Go up the steps. Turn right, go through the doorway, and wait.
Exit the door on the left and go down the hall until you reach the chairs. Pass the chairs and stop at the door on the left.
Go up the two steps, walk past the bathtub on your left hand side, and exit the room by the doorway that is to the right of the three chairs on the pedestal.  Go up the two steps there, and make a right.  Go up the flight of stairs and stop on the landing by the door to the outside.
Walk through the dining room, toward the partition, then veer right and wait in the exterior doorway.
They are on the head of a bed and below a fan.
The vase is on the table, next to the telephone.
in front of a shelf, next to a lamp
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Then go through the first doorway on your left. Move straight through this room between the two benches and through the entry way door. When you exit the glass door and are outdoors stop and wait.
under the display and the shell,on the left of a pillar
Behind the chair is balcony and the bedroom is near the sofa.
Walk out of the bedroom, and go straight. Go into the room straight ahead. Stop once you pass the doorway.
next to the staircase, next to the door which outside is the garden
Go up the stairs then turn left and stand by the fridge.
From the end of the bed go forward out of the room into the hallway and go straight in the hall walking forward towards the drum set at the end of the hall stopping halfway between the end of the railing and the drum set.
Continue down the hallway towards the fireplace. Go to the left and up the stairs. Wait on the stairs.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and connected with a kitchen.
Walk in between the table and bookshelves towards the small ladder, continue straight onto the brick floor and turn right. Walk straight and into the room on the left. stop in front of the bed on the red carpet.
Turn to your left, walk towards the swing in front of the window. Once you are in front of the swing turn left  and enter the next room. Stop facing the blue loveseat with books on the right.
Take the left path through into the room with the piano.  Walk over to the table with flowers on it and wait.
go down the stairs and turn right. go down the hall way on your right. Keep going down the hallway, pass a few pictures on the wall. You then come to the bedroom.
next to the door, next to the wall
next to the television, facing the sofa
Go left into the foyer toward the white door on the left. Go into the room with stairs, turn right passed the stairs and keep going straight, then turn left to go down the hallway, then turn right into the dining room, then stop.
Walk passed the sink through the entrance of the women's bathroom. Walk down the hall and towards the dining room area. Stop near the open double doors on the left.
hung on the wall, next to the washing machine
Walk into the room with hardwood floor.  Keep left as you move forward,past the steps.  Turn left, and enter the room between the dining room and elevator.  Wait here.
Exit the dining parlor. Go to the stand with the circle on the floor around it.
Walk up the steps and continue on straight, following the stone path. Once past the bench, wait by the door in the entry of the house.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Go forward in the hall and take a right at the end of the hall. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk down the stairs, then wait on the third stair from the landing on the far side of the hand rail.
Walk past the stairs, enter the hallway and then enter the locker room area. Wait by the sink.
Head up and go op the short set of steps to the right. Continue down that hallway, then turn right into the bathroom.
Walk past the stairs and turn right. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and stop in the entryway to the outside.
The sofa is besides. The flower is on the sofa.
next to a cupboard, under a screen
Please enter from swimming pool.Then cross chairs and table. Then take upstairs. then inter bed rooms.
Turn left and walk past the dinning room table and enter the kitchen.   Walk around the kitchen table and enter the hallway. Then turn right and enter the bedroom.  Wait by the love seat.
Walk up the stairs and turn to the left. Enter the hallway and turn to the right. Then enter the bedroom.
Walk forward with the living room on the left. Go up the last flight of stairs on the right and enter the dining area. Stop right at the top of the stairs.
The chair is in front of the window, on the opposite side of the table under the wooden box and near a beige leather sofa.
Walk past exit sign. Walk past servers. Wait at fire extinguisher.
Pass the red couch and the large grey stainless steel wall then turn right and go out the glass door. Wait by the red statue.
Turn around and walk through the kitchen past the table and then left past the counter. Head to the right through the hall and then wait at the bedroom door on the left.
under the table, behind the sofa
Veer to the right slightly. Walk into a hallway, continue going straight, past the staircase.  When you get to a wooden doorway, stop there, and wait.
Walk straight, and when you reach the end of the table turn right.  Wait by the brass chairs.
Walk straight keeping to the left of the pool.  When you get to the glass doorway to house, wait there.
Head to the refrigerator and take a right.  Go through the doorway, and stop at the doorway on your right, in front of the washing machine.
Walk along the tiled porch past the bench and table. Walk into the entry door to the home. Continue into the home and walk into the hallway past the desk ahead. Continue forward through the hall and stop in the next room near the counter top and dining area.
Descend the staircase. At the bottom take a left and stop near the doorway.
The box is settled in a bright living room.
The bed is in a small and bright bedroom on the second floor.
The toilet is set near a small vase with pink flowers and near a brown cabinet.
Walk into the hallway and through the entrance to the kitchen area. Walk  Passed the sink and stove area and stop between the refrigerator and dining table.
face the white table and three chairs with the same shape and color
Turn to the left.  Go straight, through the door, up the stairs.  When you get upstairs, go straight to the door.  This leads you to the outside.  Go just to the doorway and then stop.
Exit the closet toward the bathroom then turn right and wait by the bathtub.
Walking straight down the hallway, and turn left at your first hallway on the left. stop right after you pass through the doorway.
Walk down the remaining stairs in the spiral staircase.  At the bottom of the stairs, walk straight forward, past the wooden art sculpture on your right.  Stop when you are standing at the end of the blue rug.
Turn around and head towards the door as you pass the coffee table. Continue outside towards the hallway and keep moving. Exit the door and stop once you reach the steps.
Go down the aisle of the church through the Nave towards the altar.  Stop between the second row of pews to the front. Wait there.
With the wall that doesn't have any doors on your right, exit through the doorway ahead of you and turn right towards the stairs leading downwards. Continue past the stairs and exit the room through the center archway of the three archways on the opposite wall. Stop once you enter the room at the end of the vaulted hallway.
Exit the bedroom and continue straight. Stop when the floor changes from wood to marble.
The living room is the room facing the door.
Walk past the piano into the hallway. Turn right and step outside. Stop by the gate.
Walk out the door and take a left.Go down the hall and take a right. Take a right into the third door on the right, wait there.
The telephone is very close to the bedroom and toilet.
next to the lamp, in front of the picture, on the cabinet which is on the left of television
Walk into hall, turn hard right and walk into tiled room with 2 loungers. Walk across tile room to bathroom. Stop at slippers and soaps.
Go through the double doors and turn right. Go through the entry and then go through the doors and stop.
The bar has stairs in the corner and a small trashcan.
The cabinet is set close to a woody door.
Go straight past the living room on your right. Go into the hall at the end of the hall. Take a right  in a hall, and take a left into a bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
The computer is opposite to the entrance and in front of the food bar.
Go through the passageway on the left, then turn right and go down the hallway. After that, take another right and go to the doorway to outside.
Go through the double doors. Turn left and go through the archway and through the door to the bedroom.
Walk past the top of the staircase and turn left through the opening. Turn left again and stop just inside the bedroom.
surrounded by eight woody,yellow chairs,in front of a brown and white wall painting,next to potted plants
Enter the house and follow the left wall until you get to a junction of doorways.
The bedroom is on the first bedroom and next to the kitchen.
A room with two identical bed and a small door in the shadows.
Turn right into doorway Walk straight across dining room into next  hallway. stop at door to right and hallway to the left.
Turn around, walk to the left of the long table. Take a slight right, continue through the desks. Stop at the coffee table.
Go out the bathroom door. Turn right in the hallway and then enter the bedroom. Stop at the end of the couch with flowers on it.
Leave the bathroom and go through the door on the right.  Walk down the room until you get to the beginning of the stairs.  Go down the stairs and stop on the third step from the top.
The bowl is in the corner of a kitchen with wood floor on the first floor.
Go down the hallway on your left and into the bedroom. Go through the door on the right and stop before the stairs on your right.
Exit clothes washing area, make a left, walk forward toward the hallway, wait at the mirror.
Go into the room, turn right and then turn right again and go into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Walk straight and turn right down the hall. Turn into the third room on the right.
walk into the very large living room and keep going, until you reach the stairs to the dining room, and wait at the second step.
Enter the door to your left. Turn left into the bedroom. Walk toward the bed. Turn left at the bed. Walk to the edge of the pool and wait.
Facing away from the bedroom, go straight, make a left into the doorway on the left, and go straight through the room, then just passed the counter with the horse statue on it make a left and then stop.
Walk through the doorway and into the house. Continue forward past the sink and washing machine. Wait in the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk straight down hallway. Turn right and take 3 steps. turn slight right and enter next room in front. turn left and stop at front door.
Go through the bedroom and into the hallway. Wait in the room across the hall from the stairs.
Turn right and enter the bedroom.  Then turn left and walk out on the patio.
Continue going up the stairs and then turn right and wait by the plant.
Walk out the door ahead and then turn right. Enter the doorway straight ahead. Walk across the bedroom and stop when you reach the table by the window.
Go down the stairs, go into the doorway on your right and wait.
Tissue opposite is the living room
Go out the bathroom door Go out the bedroom via the door on the right. Go straight through the door directly ahead to the next room. Stop at the couch.
Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn left. Walk through the doorway and turn left. Stop by the sink.
Walk towards kitchen.  Wait by glass stools.
The pool is outside.
The poster and the door is besides.
on the wall, among three pictures and first from right
Walk down the stairs to the bottom and then turn left.  wait by the dining room table.
Go up the three steps then go past the stairs and turn left into the hallway go down all the steps and go straight until you get to a large room with couches and a fireplace. Wait there.
Make a left at the mirror, walk through the hallway, then make a right, and stop before bathroom.
Leave bathroom to bedroom, walk up stairs, turn left and stop at base of stairs going up.
Walk down hall, turn right at intersection into dining room. Turn left and walk into huge sitting room. Wait in center of room.
Go up the stairs and proceed to the doors leading to the back yard. Stop on the patio, just outside the doorway.
Exit bathroom.   Walk on carpet, then turn right.  Enter the bedroom door.  Face left, and exit the room through glass door.  Wait on balcony.
Exit bathroom and turn right. Stop in doorway.
Go into the hallway. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right and go straight. Turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
The desk is in a living room.
Turn around and enter the house.  Then turn right and walk to the lips.  Then turn left and then right shortly after and enter the bathroom.
Pass the grand piano. Pass the green chair and go straight into the room. Wait near the fireplace.
the handbag are on the top of the box and under the bench
The cabinet is near a corridor and a bathroom.
Go out onto the balcony and stop on top of the place mat.
Walk down the living room passing the living room. Enter the sitting room through the first right after you are on the wood. Stop before you are on the carpet in front of the rug.
This is in a living room.
next to a furnace, against a wall
exit bathroom to main entrance. turn slight left into hallway, turn right into open door stopping at steps.
The living room is very spacious.
Walk down the hall passing the stairwell. Walk into the bedroom ahead that has a bed with white comforter and blue floor rug underneath.
The area is near the window and next to the dining room.
Walk past the red sofa on the right and continue past the bookshelves on the left. Turn left and wait in the doorway with the double doors.
The stove is near a balcony and a dining room.
Go through the bathroom and through the doorway on your left then make a right and stop at the nearest doorway.
Go to the front of the suitcases. Go into the bedroom. Go to the footstool. Go to the left side of the fireplace.
Walk along the pool on your left and enter the house through the door on the right. Take a left  and walk down the hallway. Enter the bathroom through the first door on the right.
Head toward the stairs and turn right just past the stairs. Then stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Enter house, walk past the fireplace and make a right and enter dinning area, and wait.
Walk forward across the room past the dining table and past the table in the middle with no chairs. Once you reach the sitting room, stop to the left of the 2 chairs that match.
Make a 180 degree turn and walk straight past the counter top (on the left) and the circular table (on the right. Continue straight through the door opening, past the bathroom, until you see a piano on your right. There will you have arrived at your destination.
Walk through the hallway to the living room area. Walk passed the couches towards the dining room table. Pass the table and sop in front of the staircase.
Walk out of the closet and turn left and walk out of the bedroom. Once out of the room, turn right and go into the laundry room and wait there.
Turn left and walk down the hallway. At the end turn right and walk down another hallway and into the door straight ahead. Stop once you enter the room with lime green chairs.
beside a tall and transparent cabinet; faces the round table as the front desk of this whole bath center;
Walk past the stairs and stop in front of the pulp fiction poster.
Walk into the building and past the fireplace. Walk through the door on the right and stop in the doorway.
There are  four chairs with the same size and state on its left.There are four chairs with the same size and state opposite to it.
Leave the massage room, and take a left. Stop next to the brown door to the left of the lounge chairs.
Enter the building and wait in the en suite bathroom.
Walk past the ping pong table and stand near the edge of table by the stairs.
Walk through the bathroom and turn left. Walk into the hallway and stop in front of the fireplace.
The toilet is near a living room and a bedroom.
Walk down the hall past the pictures and paintings of ocean scenes. Walk into the  bedroom straight ahead at the end of the hall. Turn into the closet area near the entrance of the room.
Go indoors. Pass the bed and turn right. Go straight into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Turn to the right and then turn left after the last bed on the left. Keep going straight until you get to the last doorway on the right. Walk through the doorway. Wait just outside the room where the lockers are.
between a swivel chair and a treadmill, near a big mirror
Walk past the couch and through the kitchen. Continue on into the hallway on the right and turn left. Enter the theater room at the end of the hall and wait by the door, near the screen.
Walk across dining room to outdoor patio dining room. Wait at entrance.
The ornament is placed in the hall.
Walk beside the outside doors and behind the chairs across the room. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Stop on the seventh step.
Walk past the double doors and veer left. Walk through the door to the left and outside. Walk to the right of the patio furniture and stop by the railing on the walkway.
Walk out of the recreation area heading to the stairs. Go up three stairs and stop.
Exit office to outside living space, make a left,  then make a other left, go forward then make a right and enter the bathroom, and wait.
Walk out of the bathroom. Walk past the couches. Stop in front of the dining room table.
Start in the hallway. Walk forward. Turn left into the bedroom. Stop in the bedroom.
Walk forward down the hallway with the stairs on your left. Keep going straight in the hallway past the two rooms. At the end of the room take a right and stop just past the doorway in the bedroom.
Walk into the room with the orange chairs and go down the stairs into the living room. In the living room go to the right and head towards the door. Stop between the silver pillar and the window next to the door.
Walk out of storage room into utility room. Walk out of door on right. Walk down hallway past three chairs and turn left into kitchen. Wait there.
Go down the stairs, past the Christmas tree on your right, and wiat facing the room with the fireplaplace.
Exit the closet. Go straight past the mini gym on the left. Go straight into the room. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the desk with the two chairs.
Turn around and walk past the mirror. Then turn left and enter the bedroom. Then turn left and walk into the master bathroom.
above the paintings, hung on the wall
Walk straight past the sets of tables on the left. Go through the door on the right and turn left.  Wait in the hallway intersection.
Walk through the bedroom through the doorway next to the sink with the bird design on the wall behind it. Stop at the near corner of the bed.
Walk into the door ahead. Once in, turn right and enter the bedroom. Walk to the other side of the bed and stop once you enter the bathroom.
from hallway walk into sitting room turn left and walk to dining room, turn slight right and stop between counter and table.
The sink is set on a beige table, in front of a big mirror and on the left side of a same sink.
Walk towards long red rug and turn left through doorway, Walk through doorway and turn right and proceed down that long red rug. Once you reach a red striped chair on your left, make your way to the white marble stairs. Go up them and take the red carpeted staircase on your right. Stop on the second step.
Leave the bedroom and take a left. walk down the hall and into the bathroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway to the room with the toilet.
The guitar is near a corridor and a storage room.
Go straight down the hallway and wait near the small statue on the right ledge.
Go down the stairs, turn left at the landing and go down the stairs again to the very bottom.
The sofa is next to a small table under a green plant and near a transparent table surrounded by six orange chairs.
Turn around and walk towards the fireplace. Right before you reach the fireplace, turn right and enter the bedroom and stop.
Walk past the fireplace, between the pink chairs. Walk through the dinning room and stop in the kitchen next to the barstools.
Walk down the hallway and turn right at the end of the couch.  Walk past the fireplace and turn left and stop inside the doorway.
Walk past the dining room table and chairs and television. Stop by the couch.
Walk towards the doorway.
Walk to the foot of the bed and to a little sitting area.  Go through the door on the left side.  Stop once you have stepped into the bathroom.
The table is put in a spacious and bright bedroom
The bedroom is at the right turn of the gate.
Go into the room with the big blue rug. Go to the foot of the bed. Go through the open door nearest the foot of the bed. Go to the intersection of hallways and stop.
Walk around the potted plant and turn left. walk past the Jacuzzi tub and turn right. Walk to the left of the pillar into the building. Turn right and stop just inside the bedroom.
Walk past the dining room table,and through the walkway. Stop when you reach the double doors that lead outside.
After you leave the kitchen make a left and go to the stairs, walk to the third step and wait.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left, turn left again past the pool table and go through the doorway into the bedroom and stop.
The cabinet is in the bathroom of the bedroom.
The power switch is in the kitchen on the first floor.
Turn left and walk on the path towards the pillars. Wait by the glass door entrance to the right.
on the wall behind the open dooor; faced with a white machine in the middle of two wall lamps;
beside a tall cabinet; below a metal rack;
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left in the hall. Walk through the doorway and stop next to the black bookshelves.
The light is in front of a fan and there is the same light on the left of it.
A wall behind it having a picture with Chinese characters;
Facing the door take a right and go down the hallway going past the first door on your right and take a right into the hallway stopping behind the first big brown leather chair.
Exit the laundry room Head straight across the next room toward the stairs. Go up three steps and wait.
The stairs are in the corner of the bar.
Go straight down hallway turning right just after the kitchen table. Follow pathway on the left between kitchen island and the back of the brown couch make a slight right passing through the arch door way. Continue straight using the middle hallway stopping at the picture with prayer on it.
Exit the room and turn right. Head down the hallway. When you get to a blue and white painting go into the door on the left that is closest to the painting and wait near the bed.
Walk past outdoor chairs on the right. Enter the home through the open door. Make a left in front of the round foyer table. Wait in the dining room door threshold.
Go to the left and head down the hall past the Christmas tree.  Turn left and go into the Garden room.  You'll go till you get to the setee.  Then you need to wait.
Walk straight out of the room and make a hard turn left. Walk into the first room on your left and stop after taking a step.
Finish exiting the room and turn left. Then turn right and go straight toward the round rug. After you pass the round rug turn right into the office and wait by the couch.
The dustbin is set under a yellow table and next to a black chair.
The master bedroom is next to the stairs and has a bathroom and a cloakroom in it.
Turn around and head down the long hallway with the long rug. Before you reach the stairs, turn and enter the bedroom on your right. Once you enter the bedroom head right and then stop while facing the sink and mirror.
Exit the room and immediately turn left, then turn right, move forward and wait in the room entrance.
walk through the dining room with the table on your right, continue past a doorway on your left, a table on your right and stop in between the faucet and marble cylinder on your left.
Exit the kitchen area. Take a sharp right toward dining area. Walk by the Dining area. Exit to outdoor Patio area. Wait there.
Walk forward with the wall on your left. Enter the house and take a left. Take a right before you reach the piano and take a right into the library. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk through open door. Make left into foyer. Walk past round foyer table to left. Wait at second step from the bottom of the stairway to the right.
The plant is set in the bright and spacious kitchen.
Walk out of the bedroom and down the hallway into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a right and go up the stairs. Stop on the top of the stairs close the the first bench.
near the stairs, near a bar counter
The painting is opposite to a row of booths and along a corridor connecting with the food bar and resting area.
Walk through your doorway on your right, and turn right in the room and walk all the way to the end...passing a table on your left with a pottery vase on top. Turn left, and stop once you reach the beginning of the hallway.
Exit the door, and turn left. Walk forward passing the bed, and turn left at the door leading to the bathroom. Stop outside the bathroom door.
The drawer is in the corner of a bright and big living room.
Go straight passed the bed, through the right door, and stop at the top of the stairs on the right.
Walk past the dining area into the kitchen and wait by the stove.
Exit bedroom, make a left, walk toward other bathroom and wait at sink.
in front of a bed, beside a French windows
The bed is faced with a closet and lies at the center of the bedroom.
The drawer is settled in a kitchen with wood floor on the first floor.
at the left side of this room
Exit the house to the patio using the large glass sliding doors straight ahead. Turn right and go into the house using the large glass sliding doors.  Turn left and go straight into the hallway then the room straight ahead. Wait near the TV.
face another carbinet with the same shape and color, next to the door of the clakroom
sofa In the living room
in the middle among the sofas,in front of the window
Walk forward through the doorway, onto the patio, and wait in front of the sink.
A bouquet of flowers in a vase, placed on a vanity top
Turn left and exit the bathroom. Turn right and walk forward to the open door way on your left. Walk through the doorway and then turn left. Walk past the long white table on your left. When you reach the long white table on your right, turn left and enter the dining room and stop.
Exit bedroom and take a right.  Walk to the end of the hallway and into the other bedroom.
The bedroom is next to a corridor and has a balcony, and there are many sofas in it.
Exit the room, and turn right.  Immediately turn right and walk towards the long glass table.  Wait here.
The chairs are in a dining room.
walk straight across living room passed all chairs to hallway. In hallway turn left and walk to doorway. Stop in doorway.
Turn right and go towards the planter.  You'll turn right and walk into a bedroom.  Stand next to the bed and wait.
The box is placed near a big conference room and a tea room.
The chair is set in a kitchen.
Exit the room with the phone on the wall and go up the stairs.  Enter the first room at the top and stop at the foot of the bed in front of the backgammon table.
Go straight and pass one of the chairs then turn right into the glass doors and wait by the large table and chairs.
Walk forward and turn left at the second corner to enter a room full of books with shelf. Walk forward towards a door leading to another room, and stop there.
Walk past the dining room and down the hall. Wait in the theater room, at the end of the hall.
walk forward and stop a few steps out the doorway.
Walk past the bed and turn left. Walk through the door and down the hall. Turn left and wait inside the large doorway next to the sliding double doors.
Walk down the hallway toward the office, go to the front door, wait at the top of the stairs to the left of the front door.
Go straight until you get to the end if the hallway and go into the room on the left. Wait there.
Go straight ahead through the doorway, and then turn to the left.  Go through the doorway and into the office.  Stop just behind the desk chair.
Finish going down the stairs and turn left and walk along the brick pathway.  Go inside after passing the white chair.  Stop just after stepping off the mat in front of the doorway leading inside.
Go inside. Pass the couches on the right and conitnue straight. Pass the stairs ont he rigvht.Go out the door on straight ahead and wait outside.
The painting is in the living room.
on the desk next to the glass wall,on the right of the green box and in a crystal pen box
Go into the kitchen and then at the end turn right. Then turn left at the stairs and go down. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs and go towards the fireplace. Wait behind the couches.
Walk down the hall past the chairs and turn left under the exit sign. Stop a few feet past the door on the right.
Leave the bedroom through the door on the right side of the bed.  Go into the room with the door on the opposite side of the hallway.  Turn right once you are in the second bedroom and stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
The carbinet is settled on the right side of a red leather chair and on the opposite side of a round wooden table under a vase.
Go straight and down the stairs. Stop three steps to the bottom.
Go up the stairs and when you get to the top, turn right and walk a few steps before stopping.
walk down the hallway to the right of the stairs, through the doorway and turn left past the bed. Stop in front of the bathtub.
Exit the closet through the door and turn left where you see a dresser. follow the dresser the framed photographs which lead to the door. At the second door where you will again turn left to enter a hallway. Follow the hallway until you reach the top of the stairs.
Walk behind couch towards the fireplace. Turn left and proceed past fireplace and coffee table. Continue slightly left and wait directly in front of wall with pictures of children and a puppy on it.
The bed is in the center of a warm child-bedroom.
Leave stairs and walk towards bedroom to the right. Stop at red bed.
on the right side of the table and near the door and opposite to a whiteboard
Go down the hall to the left and  continue down the hallway, enter the door and then go in the door on your left and turn left and stop in front of the shelf.
Exit bedroom. Turn right and walk into the living room.  Turn left towards the front door and exit the building. Stop beside the mat on the ground.
Go to the main entrance by the staircase and take a left. Go into the living room with the mirror.
Walk straight and wait in between the dining room and the kitchen.
Walk left past the couch and televisions. Stop in front of the steps.
under the mirror and sculpter
Ascend stairs, make a right, head forward, make a right and enter the bedroom, and wait.
Leave the room and take a right. Out of the room take a left and a left into the hall. Walk down the hall and take a left into the dining room. In the dining room take a right into the living room. Stop in front of the cabinet on the left.
Walk forward into the house and down the hallway. In the living room take a right and walk into the dining room. Stop behind the bench next to the mirror.
Turn left to walk down the hallway. Walk past the brown chair. Walk past the radiator. Stop in the hallway before the bathroom and bedroom with a brown duvet.
Turn right after the brown chair then go straight until you get to the fireplace on the left.
Exit the bathroom by walking straight then turn right and go straight and enter the second door on the right. Enter that room and wait at the door.
continue down the stairs and turn right. Turn right again and walk past stairs on your left and through the doorway. Walk straight through the next doorway and stop once you enter the room, looking at the table.
against a wall, next to a washbasin
Turn right and enter the doorway between the two white chairs. Pass in front of the bed and turn right, then enter the room on the left next to the nightstand with a lamp on it. Wait there.
The bathtub is in a bathroom.
With the wall to your left, move forward and exit the room via the door with the three panels that have a four by three grid pattern of Maltese crosses. Climb down the flight of five steps in front of you and turn ninety degrees to the left. Continue forward until you reach the entrance to the kitchen.
Turn left and wait by the reception desk.
Walk forward, going through the door with horizontal glass.
Turn right and exit the bedroom using the door on the right. Wait there.
there is a crooked tap installed above the sink, and the target is embedded in a white cabinet
There is a kitchen and a living room next to the dining room.
Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once out, turn left and walk forward and enter the next door on your left. Walk across the bedroom and stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
The dining room is on the third floor, next to a balcony and the kitchen and facing the washroom.
Walk between the 5 pillars and table on the left side. Walk through the set of doors right after the last piller, directly to the left. Stop right after you pass through the doors.
Walk towards the windows and then turn right. Go around the bed and walk through the door past the main entrance. Keep walking until you see a steps to your left. Take two steps and wait on the stairs.
The lamp is in a large bedroom on the second floor.
close to a bathtub; faced with a sink below a mirror;
Go opposite the outside area into the living room and straight through, up the stairs, turn left towards the doorway and stop.
Exit the room and turn left. Walk through the archway and then turn right. Exit the building and then re-enter through office doorway on the right. Walk past the desk and stop just past the doorway.
At the bottom of the stairs, go forward toward the black door. Turn right and go toward the pool. Wait by the pillars.
picture in the bedroom
Walkdown the hallway to the right of the billiards table.  Stop at the top of the staircase.
sofa Next to the balcony
next to the door, under the cabinet, there is a coffee machine on it
Leave  the bathroom and go through to the end of the laundry room. At the end take a right and stop in the doorway once you enter the kitchen.
the corridor is near 2 bedroom ,a living room and a stair
the entrance of the house is beheind the sofa
Exit the room using the door on the far right. Turn left and then turn left again to go into the room next door. Walk straight until you pass the wall with holes on the right. Wait near the wall with holes on the left.
The bashroom is between a big empty room and a storeroom.
over the water channel,opposite to the locker and on the right of the liquid soap
go to the hall to the right side of the pillar. Go to the treadmill.
The jug is near a corridor and a bathroom.
Go to the table Go to the rice cooker Go to the three light switches Go to the bed.
Walk to the right of the fireplace and go into the first room after stepping on the blue carpet.  Walk through the bedroom and past the green counter top.  Walk through the door to the bedroom on the left.  Stop after stepping into this second bedroom.
Enter bedroom. Walk into bathroom on left. Stop at sink.
Enter the house, turn right and go along the glass table, go along the glass table on the other side, go into the archway that is just to the left of the fridge and stop in the middle of the hallway.
Walk across the room and enter the room with the television.
The table is put in a small bar.
Walk towards the fireplace and turn right. Go through the small doorway and turn left. Walk past the white table and walk into the hallway towards the black bench and stop.
Pass the fireplace and go into the large arch leading toward the hallway. Stop by the pictures on the wall.
Exit the kitchen. Turn right. Enter the first doorway to the right leading to the bar area. Wait there.
Go down the stairway and through a room, and out the back door to the outside.  Go until the brick walkway begins on the right.
Face right and walk past the altar. Turn right and walk across the church until you reach the stone wall. Turn at a 45 degree angle, walk to the chairs, and stop.
Go to the left side of the couch and head toward the dining room. Step just inside the dining room and wait there.
Walk towards the bed, and take a right into the bathroom. In the bathroom take a left, and another left. Stop in the shower.
Walk out of the kitchen area towards the dining table. Turn left and walked passed the sink on the right. Walk down the hallway and turn right into the laundry room. Stop near the sink.
The chair is near a bathroom.
kitchen on the balcony
From kitchen walk into wine bar, turn left into dining room, walk right across dining room to entry doors, walk outside and stop at porch.
Go straight and pass the stairs on the left. Continue straight and then turn right and turn right again to go down the stairs.. Go down three steps then stop.
Exit room and head past the kitchen.  Wait at the dining table.
Turn right and walk towards the sofas. Turn hard right facing the 4 doorway area and enter the third door counting from the left. Wait at the entrance of the movie entertainment area.
close to the curtain and on the right of the television
Walk out of the bathroom and into the hallway crossing into the hall overlooking the pool and take a left in the hall and a right outside onto the patio stopping once you pass the doors.
walk away from door to outside, down the hallway, turn left and enter the first doorway and stop.
Leave the bathroom and take a right. Enter the massage room that is two doors down on the right. Go into the sauna room that is the first door on the right. Stop right next to the table in the middle.
The cactus is opposite to the reception counter and in front of the food bar.
Turn around and go to the bottom of the steps. Walk into the kitchen and turn right. Walk along the bar and then turn left and stop to the left side of the table.
Walk to the end of the walkway and wait near the top of the stairs.
Exit the room through the door on the right, go down the steps, and turn left through the glass doors into the wine cellar and stop.
Walk into the hallway and to the right. Walk through the doorway and make a sharp turn left. Stop on the second step.
Turn around and go through the doorway and take a right. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk straight across the room and out the left side. Walk down the hallway until you reach the room with the doors and turn left. Enter the door to the far left and stop once inside.
Go to the picture of a young boy and girl. Turn left and go through the first doorway. Go to the opposite side of the bed. Go into the bathroom and stand in front of the mirror.
Go towards the tables with high stool chairs. Proceed through the doorway next to them into the bedroom. Turn right and go wait next to bedside table by the bathtub.
Walk out of the closet in turn left. Walk past the bathroom and stop by the desk.
a room with two identical cabinets.
Go straight down the hallway and into the room ahead. Wait near the two small Christmas trees.
set in the white flowerpot, above the white table surrounded by eight white chairs.
The cabinet is next to a toilet.
between a door and a window, above a box
Go down to the bottom of the stairs and turn left. Continue forward until you're standing on wooden flooring and the entrance to the kitchen is on your right.
Walk out of the bedroom and stop in the hall near the exterior door.
The kitchen is on the third floor, next to the livingroom, next to the balcony.
Leave bedroom and walk straight down hallway, stop at the end of the hall facing picture.
This area has  a woody statue  and  a picture.
below four spotlights;back up to a shower room and a cabinet;
hung on the wall, across the picture
When you are standing in front of the couch walk to the outside door in front of you. After you go outside make a right and go inside house. Now make a left and go inside the bedroom straight ahead, and wait.
The picture is hung above the lamp next to the bed.
along a long hallway of the men's changing room,against the wall
Exit room through door.  Immediately turn right.  Walk forward.  Take first left, then another quick right.  Enter bathroom.  Wait here.
Exit bedroom and go up the first flight. Stop between the first and second flight of stairs.
Follow the hall and turn left. Turn left at the stairs and stop in the room.
Enter the building and go up the steps on the far left. Wait at the top of the steps in the bedroom.
Go to the bottom of the stairs. Turn right and go through the entry and stop at the top of the stairs going down.
The computer is placed in the front desk.
Walk through the kitchen until you reach two doors.  Walk through the door on the left and stop after stepping into the room.
Leave closet into bathroom, walk across the bathroom turn right and stop in the doorway looking at the bed.
Go to the left side of the dining table. Go to the empty vase on the floor. Go into the doorway next to it.
FACING A HALLWAY WITH BLACK FRAMED PICTURES ON THE RIGHT SIDE WALL, WALK FORWARD UNTIL YOU REACH A SET OF STAIRS, TURN RIGHT AT THE STAIRS AND ENTER THE DOOR , WALK FORWARD DOWN THE SHORT HALL AND INTO THE BATHROOM.
Next to the door.  There is a bathtub on its right side.
The living room is at the left side of the gate.
Exit the bedroom and go straight the room through the archway and then at the first doorway to the right go into the doorway on the right and take two steps in and then stop.
Walk out of the sauna and into the room with massage beds. Walk through the open door past the massage beds with a vase near the door.
Walk past the rocking chair. Turn right and walk past both rocking chairs. Turn right and walk into the building. Turn right and stop in the hallway. .
Stand so the patio is behind you and walk past the dining table and screen after that.  When you reach the front door, turn left going into the kitchen.  Stop in the doorway to the kitchen.
The sofa is on the left side of the same one and in front of a window with red curtains.
Go past the stairs and into the bathroom that is near a bedroom door, and has a large shower and a sink. Wait at the door.
Walk towards a cabinet and out the door, and wait past some artwork, in front of a door to a sink.
There are two big tables and a wine cabinet on the opposite of the cabinet.
The is a cupboard on its left. In front of it was a glass bottle with green apples in it
Exit the bathroom, walk through the office, wait in the hallway just outside the office.
Exit the room and walk straight down the hall. Wait in the entrance to the laundry room on the left.
walk up the staircase, walk straight and down the hallway on the right turn right into the bathroom before the stairs that go down, stop in front of the sink.
Walk forward down the hall. Go into the room on the right at the wall straight ahead. Stop in the doorway to the room with the large white piece of equipment.
When you get to the stairs make a left and follow the walk around, wait in the rocks in front of the basketball court.
The lamp is on a black hollow table, next to a black telephone and opposite to a electronic keyboard.
Turn to your right and walk towards the door going outside. Once you are in front of the door leading to outside, turn right and go into the room. Stop right inside the door beside the chair.
Walk in the direction of the bar stools. Enter the room on the left of the stools. Stop in front of the pool table.
walk straight, there will be a pool on your right and beds on your left, turn towards the right after the pool and walk through a hallway. To your left there are two identical rooms, stand in the doorway of the room on the right.
The books are on a table and near a sofa.
Exit the bedroom, walk past the stairs and wait in the room to the right of the bathroom.
Walk forward and then turn left when it opens up. Enter the door the right Once in, enter the door to your left and stop once you enter the closet.
Exit the bathroom, walk down the hall all the way to the desk, turn left, wait by the stove.
The chair is located in a bar.
Go up two stairs. Go up seven stairs. Go to the aqua painting. Go to the yellow painting. Go to the bedroom door. Go to the closet.
on the carpet, next to the mirror, on the right side of the table
Go through the hallway, make a right and wait at the light switch.
The study is next to a bashroom and facing a corridor.
Turn around and cross the room going past the chair and then turn left. Walk out of the door then head forward and turn left into the next doorway. Stop in the doorway facing the stairs, elevators and reception area.
The curtain is near the bed.
next to the wall, on the wooden floor
Leave the kitchen toward the wine room. Enter the bedroom on the left of the wine room enter the closet. Stop in the closet doorway.
around the table,back to a pillar and closest to the gate
Follow the red carpet forward and turn right to follow the roped off area. Turn left to walk through the double doors and wait near the fireplace.
Go up the stairs and out the front door to your right in the one o'clock position.  Stop after passing over the mat outside.
turn right go straight then stop at near sofa.
Walk along the front porch past the rocking chairs and into the front door of the home. Continue inside and walk around the corner near before reaching the couch. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hall.
Walk past the big number 1, turn right, and go through the the doorway just past the steps. Turn left into the bathroom and stop just outside the toilet room door.
The cabinet is in a study.
Walk to the right of the stairs. Walk towards the large plant and take a slight left. Walk past the bed. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom.
face the pool, turn left, walk straight towards house, walk after you walk through doorway inside house.
The sofa is placed under the desk below the flower.
in front of a mirror, next to a fire place
Go down the three steps next to you and continue forward until you can enter the room on your left with the double doors.
The washroom is next to a living room and a long corridor.
The bedroom is on the second floor and has a balcony. There is a living room downstairs.
Walk up the stairs and into the room that is almost straight in front of you. Enter the room and wait.
The TV is in the cabinet, facing the sofa.
take a right go through the door and up the stairs. go straight and stop by the high chairs on the right, next to the counter.
Exit the bathroom and enter the hall. Turn right. Head for the balcony, using the left door next to the fireplace. Stop between the two black chairs on the balcony.
With the fireplace towards your right side, enter the room ahead and exit the next room via the rightmost opening on the opposite wall. Continue forward until the carpet ends, then go past the rope barrier to your right and wait on the carpet to the right of the fireplace.
Go ahead and past the wall with paintings. Turn left at the end of the wall of pictures. Stop just inside the entryway.
Turn around and walk through the doorway where there is a single white chair. Once you reach the chair, turn left and head down the hallway. Once you at the end of the hallway, turn left and stop on the bottom step.
There is a big sofa, tables and chairs in the living room.
The dustbin is in the reception.
The chatting room is next to the hall.
a room within two shower cubicles.
Walk through the living room and enter the hallway. Wait near the glass door.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the hall and turn right. Turn left in the doorway an stop in front of the bed.
Go right along the railing, and then go left once you reach the chairs. Go into the large open door until you reach the carpet.
Go past the bed and wait at the end of the striped floor runner.
leave room and turn left. walk down hall, turn slight right at wooden/glass door. Turn right and enter room with three desks and chairs. stop.
Go through the double glass doors that have a staircase leading downwards just outside them and to the right. After going through the doors, pass by the stairs leading down on your right, continue forward and pass by the stairs leading up on your left. Continue forward until you reach a massive wooden door flanked by windows to its' left and right. Go through the door and turn right. Continue forward until you pass from under the roof covered area.
The vase is in a bathroom.
Exit the bathroom and turn right to cross the bed. Turn right again at the bed and exit the room. Stopping in the archway.
The carbinet is set between two wooden chairs with red mats and behind a round wooden chair.
Walk past the dining area and turn right to walk between the dining area and the decorative table. Then walk past the decorative table and take a left. Stop at the far end of the sliding door.
The mirror is placed on the table with a vase and towel next to it
Exit the laundry room, and walk down the stairs. Make a right at the landing, and walk down the stairs. Make a left at the bottom of the stairs, and then a hard left into the great room. Wait at the piano.
Walk into the room with the fireplace and turn left. Keep walking forward until it ends and there are pictures of kids on the wall . Enter the bedroom to the left of the pictures and stop.
Walk past kitchen. Walk past dining room table. Wait at plant.
Turn right and go up the steps. Turn right and go out the door and wait outside.
Turn around to exit the room, then promptly turn left, pass the stairs and into the arched hallway. Wait near the bathroom door.
Walk in between the tables and chairs into the room that is straight ahead. Wait there.
Exit the bathroom go past the stairs. Go into the room and stop by the counter.
Exit through the double doors and take the steps on the right. Go down the hallway and wait in the bathroom doorway on the right.
Turn left.  Walk past the chairs at the bar.  Turn right at the table and chairs and walk past the red couch.  Then you'll walk almost to the door and stop.  Wait there, inside.
Exit the bedroom into the corridor. Turn right and enter the landing area. Turn right again. Go halfway down the stairs. Stop there.
opposite the mirror in the middle of two doors of the men's and women's changing rooms.
take a step to stand in front of shower.  exit doorway into bedroom.  go to far end of the bed.  turn right and exit doorway into hall. turn left immediately and take a step.  take another left and step into bathroom in front of the sink.
The sofa is next to another sofa with the same color and shape and behind the French window.
Walk around the left of the air hockey table to the other end of it, and stop in the corner of the room.
Head down the hallway to the double doors.  Turn right and go down the hallway.  Make a right and stop next to the desk.
Walk towards blue chairs. Go past blue chairs towards wooden table and chairs and turn right through large doorway. Go straight towards black pillar and wait by black pillar.
Walk across large hall. turn left to avoid steps, and stop on large archway on left side.
Paintings are on the sofa, next to the table.
walk past sink and exit bathroom, turn left and walk past ottoman, walk through doorway towards stairs, turn left once you exit doorway and stop in front of doorway on the left.
The room is behind the food bar and close to the wide corridor set some book shelves.
on the table and next to the bed
Go out onto the patio and walk past the pool. Enter the office through the door on the far left. Stop in the doorway.
Walk down the hall and past the stairs. Go just past the kitchen and stop next to the beige sofa in the living area.
The doorhand is close to the toilet and bedroom.
Turn left and exit the bathroom. Once out, turn right and walk through the door. In the next room turn left and walk to the left side of the bed. Stop in the doorway to the left of the bed.
Head down the hallway. Near the end, stop in the alcove on the left outside the closet and bathroom.
The kitchen is next to the dining room and living room.
Go to the door. Go to the rug. Go to the Garden Room. Go to the mirror. Go to the bed.
hung on the door, next to some clothes rack
The lamp is inside the bathroom of the bedroom.
Leave the bedroom, and go right. Walk to the living area. Stop next to the love seat.
Turn around and into the tan and glass door on the other side on the table. Once you are inside, walk down the hallway and stop once you go up the steps.
Leave the room and go right. Go up the two stairs, and go up four stairs of the flight of stairs. Stop on the fourth stair.
The area is next to the study and the bathroom.
Exit massage room and turn left. Walk towards the pool and walk through the door way to the left of the pool.  Stop near the plant in the hallway.
Exit the bathroom and turn hard left. Continue down the hall past the living room and take the leftmost branch of the hall. Stop at the end of the hall.
Leave the room and take a right. Stop at the corner on the banister that in near the corner with the drum.
facing a door, next to a hand sink
The lamp is located in the livingroom.
Exit the closet then turn left. Turn left and exit the room. Turn right in the second door. Wait there.
behind the swimming pool and the desk
Go through the bedroom doorway across from the mirror. In the bedroom go through the first door on the left. Go to the bathtub.
Walk toward the alter and then to the right. Walk past the wooden pews and the column. Walk toward the left corner of the room by the table and stop.
Turn to the left then walk down the long hallway, continue moving forward until you enter the bedroom. Walking forward and to your left walk to the end of the bed. Turn left and walk forward to you reach the corner of the bed stop and wait.
near a bath, next to a water dispenser
Exit the bedroom and turn towards the stairs. Wait in the doorway to the theater.
Walk between the island on your left, and the counter on the right, that has three bar stools. Continue traveling in a forward motion past the row of cabinets and into the hallway. Turn left and go forward and enter the bedroom. Stop and wait near the end of the wall on your right.
Walk straight towards the sliding glass doors, and go outside.  Wait by the potted plants.
Exit the locker room and take your second left into the massage room. Wait there in between the two massage tables.
Turn around 180 degrees to go further into the building. Keep heading to the left until you find yourself behind a large, curved metal screen near a small table and a window.
embeded in a wooden table; faced with a small wooden door inside a room.
It hangs on the stainless steel towel rail on the wall of a shower room.
Leave the room and head toward the couch. Stop next to the guitar.
Walk through the doorway, then walk into the next doorway on your left. Walk past the couch on your left, and past the stairs on your right. Walk through the hallway that is past the staircase, Walk through the first door on your left and stop immediatly after walking through.
Leave the bathroom and walk past the round table to the deck door.
next to the stair armrest, next to the stair.
Exit the men's bathroom. Enter the ladies bathroom and wait there.
Walk along the patio past the purple chairs along the glass barrier wall. Continue towards the open door at the end of the wall that leads inside.
The picture is in the lounge.
Turn and go left down the hallway to the end room.
Turn to the left and go down the hallway.  Turn left and go past the red couch.  Turn left again and head up the stairs. When you get a couple of steps from the top, stop and wait.
under the window,  next to a sink
Exit out the door in front of you. Once out turn left and enter the next room to the left. Stop inside the door of the next bedroom.
There is a power switch on the opposite. The door is next to the poster.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and go into the dining room. Turn left again and wait near the large table with chairs.
Enter the house and angle right, walking close to the chairs on the right side. Continue past the staircase and turn right. Wait in the doorway with the double doors.
Walk down the staircase and turn left towards the pool table. Turn left again and walk through the double doors. Walk across the room towards the green chairs. Stop by the first leather armchair.
turn right and go to the door. go through the door and then go to the drum set.
The room is opposite to the locker,next to the exit and opposite to the resting area.
Walk between the trash can and the dishwasher on your left. Pivot and begin moving left. Move forward until you're even with a chair on the right. Continue moving forward until you reach the glass wall. Remain here.
Go up the stairs. Turn right. Turn right into the room. Wait near the bed.
The table is next to the kitchen and near the French door leaded to the courtyard.
next to a door, on the third layer of the shelf
Turn around, and head up the stairs.  Go all the way to the top.  Walk straight ahead to the rug.  When you've walked the length of the rug, stop and wait there.
The towel is in a bathroom, opposite to the towel is the glass washbasin with two sinks in it.
Walk forward into lobby with benches.  Turn left after table with white cloth.  Walk to water fountain.  Wait here.
Go into the bathroom that is through the small seating area with brown couch and chairs, across from the stairs.
The stool is in the large resting room.
AS you enter the building, continue straight ahead, past the stairs on your left, past the kitchen on your right, until you're just past the kitchen.
Exit the bedroom, walk through the hallway and turn right at the stairs into the bedroom. Wait in the doorway.
Locate the stairs. Travel toward the stairs until you reach the kitchen with the stove.
Walk straight ahead and turn right to cross in front of the refrigerator. Walk past the wood table and chairs on your right and turn right. Stop in between the blue couch and the wood table.
Exit the room and go right.  Keep going straight until you pass through a doorway and stop on the rug on the grey floor in front of the top of the stairs.
The area has a large swimming pool and a bath.
The box is set in the front desk.
Go straight and exit the room then turn right and wait by the kitchen sink.
The pool is outdoor.
Walk down the hallway to the loft. Wait by the chair.
Exit the ladies bathroom and turn left walk through the glass doors. Turn left again and walk towards the door with some chairs to the right. Wait by doorway.
Enter the building through the sliding glass door and walk straight ahead into the bedroom. Wait in the doorway to the en suite bathroom.
The wall is beside the door, on the commode.
Head straight towards wooden door and exit room. Turn left into large room with rug. Take a wide right out of the space and wait right before you reach the darker rug in which the table is on.
Leave the room and go towards, and up the small flight of stairs. Stop once you reach the top of the stairs.
Go inside the house. Turn right and go past the table and chairs. Turn right and wait in that hallway.
Enter the building and make the first left into the hallway. Walk down the hallway and take a right. Wait in front of the bathroom door.
Exit the room by walking down the stairs, then wait on the first landing by the banister.
against a wall with two wall lamps;
Go to the bathroom door. Go to the door hinges. Go to the wicker chair. Go to the stairs.
Turn left and walk down the brick hallway past the potted plants and chairs against the wall. Continue past the couch area along the brick walkway and turn past the couches between the armchairs. Walk through the open door on the other end of the armchairs with a mirror on the wall.
The poster is placed on the opposite of the power switch next to the door.
Walk towards the kitchen area. Turn left and walk inside the bathroom.
Walk across the room past the shower and out the door on the left. Once out, turn right and then right again. Walk all the way to the end and then enter the door to the left of the large red painting and stop.
Walk towards the stair case, and straight through the hallway to the left of the double doors with mirrors on it. Walk through the hall to the small room with the fireplace. Stop directly next to the first leather chair on your right.
Exit the bedroom and immediately turn right. Enter the unfinished room and stand in the center facing the double windows. Wait there.
Walk down the walkway and stop after the first pillar to your right.
Walk straight and then take a right. Turn left when walking out of the laundry room. Walk through the doorway that is just ahead. Wait on the second step of the staircase to the right.
Enter the kitchen area to the right of the chandelier. Walk through the kitchen and stop in the entryway of the dining room.
The corridor is on the second floor and facing the stairs.
Exit the bathroom and make a right.  Walk down the hall and through the doorway in front of you at the end of the hall.  Stop in front of the table in that room.
Walk past the pool table and turn right when you get to the two chairs.  Walk towards the bedroom and stop in the doorway.
The office is on the first floor and next to the livingroom.
The display is placed near a reading room and the hall.
The painting is near a toilet and a corridor.
Leave the bedroom and take a left. Enter the room straight ahead. Stop on the rug with the bench on your right.
The bedroom is facing the stairs.
Walk past the couch, turn left, walk to the stairs, go up the stairs, turn left, enter the room, wait at the chair.
Enter the building through the wooden doorway staying straight and passing by the room to the left and taking the short flight of five steps ahead of you. Then continue down the narrow curving hallway and turn left into the second room on the left which will be a bathroom. Stop in front of the shower.
Leave the dining room through the closest door and enter the kitchen.  Turn left and walk straight down the room past the refrigerator, dining area, and sitting area.  Stop in front of the fireplace.
Leave the bedroom and walk down the hallway. Make your first right and walk through the door. Turn hard right, go down two steps and wait next to the chair.
Climb the last couple steps to the landing. Turn left and walk straight to the next set of stairs. Walk up four steps, stop, and wait.
Walk out of the massage room and turn left. Walk past the desk and through the glass doors and turn left. Stop in front of the desk.
The tripod is set in the hall.
hanging on the black racks; against a screen. next to a rounded bar.
exit bathroom to bedroom at bed turn left and walk into hallway. Stop at double doors on your left.
The glass jar is placed on a cabinet,in front of a window.
Exit the room then turn right pass the chair with the sink then turn left to go down the hallway. Enter the room on the left. Pass the stairs and wait there by the desk.
Turn around 180 degrees and go up the small steps to the right. Walk into the bedroom go out the door on the left and stand outside of the doorway.
Turn left and walk past the really long table. Stand near the front entrance doors.
Move forward into front of the cabinet. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Turn left and walk forward past the wooden shelves. Go through the doorway and stop on the welcome mat.
Walk down the hall with the bathroom on your left. Go down the small set of two stairs. Stop next to the closest black chair.
Turn right exit the room. Turn left and walk across the hallway and room. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait there.
Walk towards the stairs and past the elevators on the right. Walk into the pool room and stop next to the plant on the right.
Walk past the foot of the bed and continue around the other side of the bed through the open entryway. Walk into the hall past the candles and turn the corner. Turn at the sink and walk through the open door opposite it into the large open closet area.
Walk through doorway towards the bed, take a left and another left through second doorway, head straight towards the stairs, stop at the stairs.
Curtain is in the bedroom.
Go around the bed and out the door on your left then turn left and go into the room right next door.. Wait by the sink.
Walk to the right behind the white couch and turn left to walk past the TV and coffee table. Walk past the white couch and pause in before the doorway next the to shelf with candles.
walk straight exiting the glass sliding door then stop at the table.
Walk straight ahead, through the hallway.  Turn right and you will see a leather chair.  Walk just to the back of that leather chair and then stop and wait.
below two identical mirrors and a wall lamp; next to a hair dryer;
Pass the green vase and to straight into the room. Pass the table and exit the room. Turn right and wait near the bottom of the stairs.
Go toward the dresser and then left out of the bedroom.  Go past the kitchenette and through the living room toward the double doors.  Stop at the entrance of the hallway at the double doors.
The balcony is ouside the bedroom, which is on the left of the corridor when go upstairs and on the second floor.
Go out of the wine cellar and past the dining table through an archway towards the front door. Turn into the room with the piano just before the front door and wait there.
Walk forward towards the living room.  Walk around the futon and into the bathroom. Stop inside the bathroom.
There is a white long table and many white chairs in this study.
Go straight toward the fireplace then turn left and pass the round table then turn right and right again. Go into the room on the left and wait at the entrance.
next to the main room door and a decoration.
Walk past the dining room table and up the set of stairs on the left. Stop on the second from the bottom stair.
The radio is placed in front of a window and behine a  roll of paper towels.
Enter bedroom.  Turn hard right, then make another right.  Walk down stairs.  Wait here.
Walk out oft the bedroom. Walk up to the second step and stop.
Walk straight past the bed and walk slightly to the left stopping by the doorway.
There are several porcelains on it, and a sofa chair on its right.
opposite to the white door, there are two clothes in the clothes rack
Turn around and go across the room to the large wooden entry way on the opposite side.
The fan is in a bedroom and above the bed.
Walk past the pool and up the step. Wait at the end of the walkway in front of the door.
Walk out of the living room towards the dining room table. Past the table take a left into the wine room. Stop in the doorway to the wine room.
The bush is next to the living room and the dining room.
The chair is under the table and a book.
There is a beautiful picture put on back wall , and a small lamp is next to the bed
Walk to the end of the white couch and turn slightly right to face three pictures hanging on the wall near the entrance way. Turn left to face a stone wall in front of a set of stairs. Walk towards and past the stairs until you come to an opening leading to a dinning room table. Walk into the room.
Walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk past the refrigerator and to the right. Stop in the bedroom across the hall.
turn around. Go up the stairs and stand on the second step down.
next to the woody table, next to the window
Walk past the living room on the right. Walk past the wall tapestry on the left. Wait under the round skylight.
walk in front of two wood chairs, straight through double doors, turn right before the hardwood floor and walk down the hallway, walk through another doorway, turn left at the leather chair and stop on the carpet in front of cheetah print bench.
This area has a big table in the center and some boxes on the table.
Walk slightly forward then turn left to enter the kitchen area. Turn left and walk forward and wait by the TV.
The area is on a laundry and connected with a kitchen.
against the wall of a wide and long hallway.
The cabinet is on the right side of an oven and near a sink.
The power switch is in the living room on the first floor.
Exit the bedroom via the door on the right next to the chair, turn right, walk down the hallway to the flower, turn right, enter the bedroom, wait by the armoire.
This bedroom is located at the end of the right turn on the second floor, next to another bedroom and a storage room.
walk straight on the brick past the back of the couch, through the doorway onto hardwood, turn right and stop before the rug.
on the left of a white dustbin,in front of the white desk,in the third position from left to right
Go up the stairs and turn left from the kitchen, stopping once reaching the balcony.
Go straight passed the couches and stop near the windows in the corner.
Leave the bedroom and go down the hall then wait outside of the second room on the left.
face window to outside, turn right to walk through doorway to bedroom, walk straight towards blue chairs, turn right to walk in front of foot of the bed, walk through doorway to the right of dresser and stop.
With the bed at your back, find the open brown wooden door and walk through it.  Turn slightly to the right and walk through the open double doors that lead outside.  Proceed across the opening and enter the small room with gym equipment.  Go through that room and walk out of the open door on the right that leads into the house.  Once in the large room, keep the gym room door to your back and walk straight across to the hallway opening.  Walk into the small hallway and stop when you get to an oval rod iron decoration on the left hand side of the hallway and stop there.
counting from right to left the third one;
Pass the red rug then when you get to the antelope rug turn right and go into the hallway then turn left on the second opening and wait by the closet entrance on the left.
The lamp is set next to a white and brown bed, on a small white bedside table and near two skateboards.
Go all the way down the stairs and turn right. Then, take the first right and stop in front of the bathroom.
Start at the pool near two long sofa chairs, go past them and then turn left through the glass door opening.
The picture is in a bathroom.
on the wall , next to the bathtub
there are a bathroom on the right of it
Exit the bathroom, turn left, walk down the hallway past the stairs, turn right at the glass table, walk down the hallway, wait by the kitchen island.
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Once you reach the area with the pictures on the wall, stop in the middle of the pictures.
Exit the living room, turn left, walk across the sitting room, enter the study, wait at the radiator.
Walk with the white wall with circles in it to your left. Stop on the placemat outside of the door.
Turn around and pass the tree. Go to the stairs and stop on the first landing.
on the right of a tea table, facing a long table
The screen is on the right of a gift bag and on the right of the phone and above the dustbin.
Turn around and walk out the door that has the swirl on it. Make a left into the room directly next door. Go to the end of the room by the mirror.
The living room is in the first floor and has a tall shelf with some photos in the corner.
The lamp is on a square table and near the curtain.
Leave the bathroom stall and leave the bathroom.  Once in the hallway turn left and continue down.  Once you reach the end of the carpet, turn left and stop in the doorway of the bedroom on your left.
Turn around, move through the door and into the hallway. Turn left and move forward to through the doorway. Next turn right, walk to the end of the runner and turn left again. Go forward past the stairway, take a left and a quick right into the next door. Wait in that doorway.
A smaller sink is right to it. A screen is left to it. Above the sink is a big mirror on the wall.
Walk down the hallway passed the wall paintings. Continue passed the laundry room and walk through the open door near the wooden cabinets into the bedroom.
Walk down the hallway, towards the flowers. Turn slightly left and pass the flowers and the bottom of the stairs. Enter the room with the bar, and wait next to the first high chair.
Walk across work room to table with yellow chairs. Stop at the yellow chairs.
Enter the bedroom and walk around the bed.  Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway past the bed. Continue along the hallway and turn right at the top of the stairs. Go down one step and wait on the stairs.
Walk past the bed then turn right. Exit the room using the door on the left. Go up the stairs on the right. Go up a few steps then stop.
The chair is settled in a corridor on the first floor with wood floor.
Go past the guitar and turn right through the doorway, left through the arch way, and stop when you get to the dining room on the left.
Exit the bathroom through the doorway on the right, go straight through the next doorway, make a left and go through the brown double doors, go through the opening in the bookshelves on the right, make a left into the bathroom, take a step in and then stop.
Go down the stairs and turn left at the pool.  Go up the the stairs and stop on the third step from the bottom.
Walk straight to the staircase and wait at the top of the stairs.
Go down the long hallway toward the exit sign.  Stop just before the exit sign, when a fire extinguisher is on the right.
Walk through the door at the end of the walkway and past the piano. Wait in the nook on the right.
hung on the ceiling,over the desk and near the passageway
Turn around and walk passed the pictures of sunsets hanging on the wall down the hallway. Turn the corner near the small figurine and walk through the open door near the stairwell.
Exit the closet and follow the hallway to the right. Continue walking, past the chairs and bathroom. Wait at the top of the steps, next to the painting.
on the glass table, facing the curtain
Exit the beginning room and enter the open area.  Turn right and enter the farthest right room.  Stop right in front of the table.
Exit room and make a right. Head straight until you reach the entrance to the next room and wait.
Exit the bedroom and head straight down the hallway. Pass the doors on the right and left and stop at the bathroom doorway ahead.
The lvingroom is next to the dining room, on the third floor and there is a balcony outside.
continue walking down the stairs and follow them to the left until you reach the bottom. walk straight and slightly right through the doorway, walk slightly straight and turn left down the hallway. Stop at the first doorway when the bathroom is on your left.
exit pool room through door on right, stop by tub.
Walk left down the hall. Walk to the end of the hall and go right. walk past the small refrigerator and in the hall. Stop just outside the door.
Leave the kitchen heading to the patio. Take a left out of the patio door and stop in the patio doorway.
Turn  right and go through the doorway to your right. Take a left and stop at the bottom of the first set of stairs.
Exit the bathroom. Go stand in the bedroom doorway.
Turn left and head towards the dresser. Than turn left and head towards the exit. Exit the room and go through the hallway. Stop once you reach the living room.
Turn left and go down the long hallway. Stop near the last door.
Leave the bedroom, and take a right. Enter the kitchen and walk past the first counter. Stop next to the dishwasher on the left.
The glass is set near a bigger conference room and next to the hall.
Head left and make another left at the glass door into the room with the ironing boards and go into the bathroom with white towels on the sink.
Turn to the left, walk past the bed and then turn left and walk out of the room. Turn to the right and into a little hallway. Go to the top of the stairs and then wait.
Towels in the bathroom.
The paintings are very close to the bedroom and the balcony.
turn left at the counter with all the pictures. Head down the hall and turn right, entering the bedroom. Turn left and enter the walk-in closet.
Walk through the door and past the dining room table and chairs and turn right. Walk past the grated wall and turn left. Stop just inside the kitchen.
The stool is set in the hall.
The circle chair is put close to the glass door to balcony ,which are placed next to two same single chairs.
The table is near a corridor with a stair and a study.
Go stand behind the first of three chairs at the kitchen bar.
Walk into the bedroom and walk left past the drawers. Stop in front of the desk.
Exit the kitchenette, then the bedroom through the doors on the left. Go down the hall to the bedroom on the right. Wait in the en suite bathroom.
Walk out of the kitchen and onto the patio. Stop on the PGI rug outside of the door.
Exit the shower and then out the door to the right side of the towel rack. Once out the door, turn right and enter the door. Once out, turn left and stop at the top of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom, and make a left. Walk past the fireplace on the left. Make a right just before the vase of flowers on the hall table. Wait at the white built-in closets.
Veer right of the Pool Table and then walk down the stairs. Wait on the landing by the baluster.
Stand with the gate behind you and walk towards the pool.  Walk around the pool on the side closest to the building and stop in front of the open door going inside.
Turn around and go through the door, walk past the bed and make a hard right and then a slight left into the living room area, stop at the opening to it.
exit bathroom, enter kitchen, stop at outside door.
The chair is placed under the table and the flower.
Walk towards the doorway to the left of the bed. Leave the bedroom. Turn right to walk towards the stairs. Move up the stairs. Stop on the landing.
This  area  has lots of  chairs and two  desks.
Turn right and exit the room. Go up the stairs on the left. Go up five steps then stop.
Go stand just outside the doorway to the balcony.
Leave the closet, and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower.
The dustbin is on the floor,in front of the cabinet and next to the socket.
Walk thourgh double doors. Turn left and go past the table. Go diagonally righ past the cabinet and behind the loveseat. Stop at round table.
The small bed is placed at the center of the small bedroom, which is opposite the white clothing cabinet.,
Enter the house, and go into the kitchen. Stop next to the first counter on your left.
Walk forward passing the staircase and the glass dining table. Turn left at the end of the glass table toward the sink faucet and stop in front of it.
The table is below the vase and above the carpet.
the living room is near a dining room ,a kitchen ,a corridor and a stair.
on the carpet, facing the balcony on the right, there is a book and a tortoise on it
on a book,behind a green book,next to the glass wall and on the left of the photo frame
Turn around and walk down the pathway behind you. Turn left at the end and stop halfway before you reach the house.
The pillow is set on a white sofa and on the right of a green pillow.
Go down the hallway until you get to an arch. Go through the first arch and past the sink. Wait between the top of the two stairs.
Head towards the fireplace and pass by it with the fireplace to your right. Stop in front of the sliding glass door.
beside a cabinet; on the ceramic floors.near a hair drier;
Move slightly to the right around the table. Walk forward. Walk forward. Walk slightly to the left around the table and walk forward.
Exit the locker area and turn left right away. Turn right just past the large white column on the right. Stop in the doorway. It's room 307.
Exit the room, go down the hall and wait in the room on the right.
Climb the stairs and then take a hard right to enter the room to your right. After entering the bedroom, continue towards your left and enter the bathroom that will be on your left.
Wall toward kitchen and past it, then make a left, and wait at vanity.
Leave the bathroom and go into the kitchen. Go forward towards the table.  Stop in front of the wooden table with a bench on one side and three chairs on the other.
The bush is set in the balcony.
a big washroom by side of a corridor leading to a swimming pool.
Walk straight down the hallway in front of you. Keep going to the last door on your right. Stop looking into the room while still seeing the window at the end of the hallway.
It has a very similar switch on its right and It has an outlet on the bottom right
The curtain is in a bedroom on the second floor.
Walk up steps to landing, turn right and continue up steps. Stop at top of stairs by large fake bear.
There are two doors and two shelves in the living room.
The chair is near a living room and a white corridor.
Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right and enter the door.
Exit the shower room, then exit the locker room. Go into the neighboring room to the right, through the doorway next to the mirror on the wall. Stop next to the tissue box on the shelf.
The box is placed on a tall black box and next to a yellow desk.
The washroom is inside the office, which is on the first floor and next to the livingroom.
Walk froward down the hall. Enter the bathroom at the end of the hallway. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk past the sectional sofa and around the kitchen bar. Turn left at the mini garbage can and walk into the kitchen. Wait near the kitchen island with the chairs.
Walk up the steps in front of you. At the top turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left into the door with the statues outside and enter room and stop right before the coffee table facing the window.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and then wait near the entrance of that room.
Enter the house and walk past the stairs and turn left.  Enter the mini kitchen and stand near the glass cookie jar.
With the shower on your left go out of the bathroom through the door on the left and take a right in the bedroom and a right out of the bedroom into the hallway and go straight taking a left and going into the door into the bedroom and a left out onto the patio stopping in the doorway to the patio.
You'll go straight, through a work out area.  When you get to the bedroom, youl'll turn right.  Go a few more steps and then turn right. You will be in a big hallway.  Stop and wait.
Walk just right ahead of you and across from the small television you will find the shower stall.
The dining room is next to the kitchen and balcony, on the third floor and facing a washroom.
Go down the hallway opposite the door to the outside area, and then make a left at the first doorway, go into the room and cross the room between the green counter and the brown table into the brown archway, take a step into the bedroom and stop.
Hanging on the armrest of the glass door by the bathtub, hang above the toilet.
Turn around 90 degrees facing the door to the inside of the house. Enter through the door. Walk behind the brown leather sofa. Turn left and enter into the kitchen by climbing up the 2 steps. Walk towards the painting of the man to the right, passing by the table and chairs in the dining area. Walk into the room with the sink and stop just in front of the cutting board that is on the counter.
Turn around and walk straight across. Take a right into the bedroom and wait there.
Walk through the open door towards the staircase. Turn left at the first open door into the bedroom and stop.
between the kitchen and the stairs, below five light bulbs
Turn right into the next room. Turn left and walk past the leopard painting. Continue walking and stop in he doorway of the living room.
Walk past the fireplace on the right. When you get to the table and chairs turn right and wait there.
Exit the room by going straight. Head up the stairwell. Stop at the top of the stairs.
With the windows on your left, walk through the large room past the sitting areas.  Go through the door left of the tapestry and enter a wood paneled room with a circle table in the middle.  Go up the stairs and stop on the sixth step from the bottom.
Head past the exit sign and turn right. Go past the open doors on the right and left, continuing down the walkway.. Turn right at the exit sign. Go down the walkway. And stop at the open door kitty-corner from the "enerskin" office.
Go down the stairs the turn slightly right and to into the room straight ahead. Wait near the wardrobe.
Walk past the refrigerator and the dining table and stop just before the staircase that leads up.
With the pool to your back, locate the staircase to the second floor patio.  To the left of the staircase a covered archway with a table under it.  Proceed to the table, walking passed it heading towards the blue basketball court.  Step off of the tile floor of the patio onto the rock, and stop in between the patio and the court.
The glass is near a living room.
The drawer is placed against the mirror in the closet.
Head down the stairs to the doorway on the right.  Go toward the kitchen sink.  Turn right and go through the doorway.  Stop with the wine fridge and counter top on the left.
The switch is on the wall, next to the curtains.
Walk through the far doors on the left. Go straight. Wait in the bedroom.
Leave the bedroom and take a left. Take a left down the hallway and walk straight into the bathroom at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the sink.
Turn around and go upstairs.Go straight across the hallway and into the room ahead. Enter the room.
in front of a mirror, facing a picture
Turn left, walk through the door, walk past the dining table, walk through the door, and wait.
Walk through the door and to the left. Take the first right down the hall and stop near the column.
Exit the bathroom, turn right and walk into the kitchen.  Walk past the kitchen island and stand near the patio doorway.
The pillow is set in the spacious livingroom.
in front of a television, near a lamp and a table
Walk through the bathroom and out of the door on the other side passed the sink. Make a left into the hallway towards the painting on the wall. Go around the corner and follow the hall towards the next painting on the wall. Enter into the bedroom.
Continue downstairs and walk past the kitchen island and dining table.  Wait on the set of stairs to the right of the television.
Walk straight for a moment and then take a slight left and walk towards the open door, make a hard left and then continue into the room with the long table and stop.
The box is set near a reading room and the hall.
It was beside a cabinet and a chair.
The doorhand is in the living room.
Turn left and go out the hallway then go straight until you get to the other hallway and turn right into the bedroom. Wait by the bed.
Go into the room with the large open staircase ahead of you and to the left. Once inside that room, turn right and head to the center doors on the wall opposite the staircase. Go through those exit doors and stop halfway between the doors and the four pillars ahead of you.
a big room with seven identical sinks.
Walk up the stairs and at the top walk towards the wooden table and benches to your left.  Stop just after stepping on the blue carpet on the end of the table farthest from the window.
Walk along the patio passing the chairs. Go straight, and enter the living room. Stop between the couch, and the coffee table on the right.
TURN AROUND AND GO DOWN THE STAIRS. TURN LEFT AT THE BOTTOM OF THE STAIRS.
The painting is near a balcony.
Leave the room and go up the stairs.  Keep going at the landing and stop on the fifth step from the top.
The vase is set in the spacious livingroom.
Walk out of the bedroom and past the railing. Stop at the top of the stairs.
The sofa is near a dining room.
Walk down the hallway with the photos on your left. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop just inside the room.
Walk past the sofas on the left. Walk past the orchids on the table to the right. Make a right through the open double doors. Wait at the wooden box on the floor.
next to a swimming pool, in the corner
head toward bed, and veer a little to the left.  Walk to the closet and wait there.
Turn left and then turn left again to enter the bathroom. Wait there.
Turn left and walk toward the round table. Go between the two large benches and out the glass/wood door then stop.
Walk into the open room with the exercise equipment. Turn left and walk past the exercise machine towards the pool. Walk into the hallway near the pool past the potted plants. Stop near the open door to a small room with a massage bed.
Pot culture in a black flower pot, next to the mirror
Walk past barber's chair. Walk into open door on left. Wait at end of half wall.
walk forward until you reach the white door.
Turn so the stairs are to your right, then go through the doorway dead ahead. Continue until you enter the room ahead and slightly to the right, turn left and go into the bathroom ahead of your and to the left.
Walk to the end of the light brown table, turn sharp left, and keep going forward until you reach the light brown colored chair to your left.
Continue up the stairs and turn left into the hall. Turn into the first bedroom on the right and stop next to the nightstand with a telephone on it.
walk away from rug, turn slight right at giant 1, walk through doorway to left, turn left, turn right and walk towards foot of bed, stop in first doorway on right.
Walk out of the room and turn left. walk into the garage and stop on the mat.
With the table and chandelier behind you, exit the room through the double doors ahead of you and to the left. Continue across the room and through the double doors on the opposite wall.
Walk straight, and turn left into the room before the staircase to enter the garage.  Continue through the room and down the stairs into the next room. Stay right, and wait by the doorway with supplies in it.
Turn left, walk through the door into the bedroom, turn left again and walk across the bedroom. Wait by the bathtub.
The lamp is in a bedroom.
Leave through bathroom door.  Immediately turn left.  Walk straight until you reach stairs on the left.  Wait at bottom of steps.
walk forward and stop near the table.
Turn around and go past the blue couch.  Go between the two wooden chairs.  Stop there and wait.
Turn around and take a right after the couch. Take a left into the bedroom and wait there.
The telephone is in a living room.
Exit the room. Go straight into the room on the right. Wait at the entrance.
Walk away from the bed through the door across the hall. Walk between the round and rectangle tables. Move through the first arch to the left of the doorway. Stop before you step on the rug.
Walk through the door, down the hall and start downstairs. Stop near the top of the stairs.
Pass the stairs and go straight to the kitchen. Go through the kitchen and out the doorway straight ahead(not the one on the right) then wait there.
Walk by the side of the pool straight back towards the plant. When you get to the plant make a right and stand at the glass door in front of the pool. Wait at the door.
The sofa is placed near a bedroom and a tearoom.
Walk out of the closet into the bedroom, turn right and right again into the hallway. Cross the hall, angling slightly left, and enter the laundry room. Stop near the sink.
Go past the big clock on the wall and through the door on the left, go down the hallway and enter the room on the left just before the stairs.
Walk toward the pool. When you get to the pool turn right and go down the steps. Go into the house using the double glass doors on the right. Turn left and wait by the painting that says "hot fresh popcorn" on the right wall.
Step out of the bath tub and walk to the door way on the left and walk through that door way.  Then make a right and walk past the book case.  After the book case make a left and walk past the desk to the double glass doors.  walk through the double glass doors and wait by the picture of a mountain.
There is a bed under the picture and two table lamps
There is a shelf and some bottles of wine above the drawer.
Pass the bed then turn left and continue straight until you get to a door on the left. Go into the bathroom and wait by the toilet.
Walk down the hall. Go down a few steps and wait on the stairs.
Walk between the red chairs toward chritmas tree. Turn left and walk though the opening toward the dinning room. Walk along the left hand wall of the dinning room and into the kitchen.  Walk the end of the counter with a bunch of bananas on the right.
Turn around and follow the cement hallway to the left. Enter through the door on the right and wait in the room, next to standing roll of paper and paint supplies.
Walk down the hall past the paintings and turn left past the photographs. Stop in the entryway by the air vent.
The computer is in a office which is on the side of the corridor and behind a glass wall.
The living is next to a corridor and is connected with a small dining room.
walk away from the door to the outside, past the stove and sink. Stop once you are in the doorway straight past the washer and dryer.
Go to the foot of the bed. Go to the footstool.
Walk past the bed and out the door towards the pool table.  Walk to the door near the pool ball rack hanging on the wall. Stop facing into the bathroom.
Walk away from the fridge and between the counters. Go down the hall on the left. Wait at the entrance to the next room on the left.
walk up stairs towards red carpet, turn left and right to walk up the staircase, turn right and walk up the rest of the stairs, walk straight and turn left at the end on the wall on and stop.
Exit the the room by the leftmost entrance. Wait on the edge of the carpet by the painting.
Exit the room via the door at the foot of the bed.  Walk through the door opposite and stop when you reach the toilet.
The painting is set near a green and blue painting and opposite to a fitness equipment.
Go past the stairs through the doorway. Enter the room directly in front of you and stop inside the doorway. Wait there.
FACING A HALLWAY WITH WASHING MACHINES TO THE RIGHT WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY TO THE DOORWAY AT THE FAR END, WALK OUT OF THE BLACK DOOR AND ONTO A SCREENED IN PORCH.
The mirror is set between wooden doors and next to two big, red and golden chairs.
Exit the bathroom and go left through the kitchen, go straight through the doorway, make a right towards outside and take a few steps onto the patio and wait.
Walk straight past the bed. Turn left and go out the door on the left. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Wait near the fireplace on the right.
Go past the top of the stairs and go to the right. At the end of the walkway turn to the left and wait in the doorway.
next to a laundry basket, near a class cabinet
While facing toilet turn left and exit bathroom. Continue straight and exit bedroom to the hallway. Turn left and then make a hard right. Walk toward the front door and stop near the rug.
The bedroom's balcony  is long and narrow, and leads to the stairs.
Exit office toward papers on glass wall.Turn immediate and follow glass hallway. Stop at exit sign.
With the grass to your left, move forward until you can enter the building through the folding glass doors just prior to the pool on your left.
tap in the toilet
Turn right and head towards the refrigerator. Turn left and walk forward to the door going outside on the right.  Turn and stop in the doorway facing the pool.
The fireplace is set at a side of the living room, on the second floor.
Turn left and walk down the stairs.  Walk past the Christmas tree.  Walk between a blue and red chair.  Then you'll see a doorway to the bathroom.  Walk through that and then wait.
Walk across the hall. Turn left on the first hallway to your left. Keep walking and turn left again on the first hallway to your left. Wait there.
Leave bathroom, walk through bedroom, then out the bedroom door, through the hallway, take one step into the kitchen, then stop.
Go past bed and chair to doorway. Turn right into doorway. Stop in the middle of the room.
The sink is embedded in the black washing table outside the big bedroom ,close to the relaxing area.
Turn around and walk into the dining room, then turn left. Turn right, at the end of the hallway turn left into the bedroom. Wait by the coffee table.
Walk towards the kitchen and stop just before you get to the island.
Walk into the living room and turn right.  Walk towards the dining table.  Stop between the table and the large mirror on the right.
walk forward then turn right at the stairs then go down the stairs.
Walk outside the bathroom. Turn right and enter the room to your left and wait by the white and beige object.
Go down the stairs and turn left at the bottom.  Walk to the kitchen area and walk clockwise around the blue counter top.  Stop at the far end of the blue counter top.
in front of a woody table with a white chair, next to a window with black curtains.
Go towards the mirror and go right and follow the wall past the stairs towards the next entry way. Go into the room with the bed and white fuzzy chair.
Turn around and walk through the bedroom towards the bathroom. Stop just inside the bathroom.
There is a small white cabinet put next to the glass door ,and a white sofa put close to it.
There are  one chair with the same size and state on its left and three chairs with the same shape, material on its right .There are four chairs with the same shape, material opposite to it.
on the right side of the sofa, next to the lamp
Walk up the stairs into the bedroom. Turn left and walk into the bathroom and stop.
Exit bathroom.  Turn right to enter room with bath tub.  Turn right and walk towards door.  Wait here.
Exit the bathroom, turn right, then turn right again into the bedroom. Stop and wait near the entryway.
Turn to your left and walk between the kitchen island and the kitchen table, and proceed to walk out of the kitchen past the counter.  Next walk through the dining room to the right of the dining table and keep walking until you are in the foyer.  Stop in front of the stairs.
The sofa is settled in the living room and on a carpet.
This bar has decorations on the wall and has a bar counter.
facing the stairs, behind the oven
The telephone is on the right side of a black toilet and near a silvery and yellow vase.
Turn to you right and walk to the door leading to the hallway. Stop when you are looking at the hallway and are beside the TV.
Walk down the hall and take a right. Take a right into the bathroom and wait there.
The bed is located in the spacious bedroom.
Walk past the sink and stop in front of the washing machine.
The kitchen is next to a big dining room and is next to a small storeroom.
Walk across the patio and into the house. Go straight past the sectional sofa and wait near the three doors.
The power switch is on the wall and beside the door.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Take a left and pass the stairs in the recreation area. Walk forward and stop before the narrow area curves right.
Exit the bathroom. Walk past the bed and exit the room using the glass sliding doors to the balcony. Wait there.
Walk out of the bathroom. Turn right and go straight until you get to large double glass doors on the left. Go outside and wait near the jacuzzi.
The table is in the center of a small dining room with wood floor.
Walk through the open sliding door to the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom door on the opposite side of the room through the open double doors. Walk down the hallway into the living room. Stop on the striped floor rug.
Walk through the bedroom towards the desk and exit the room into the hallway. Walk down the hall and through the arched entryway. Turn the corner and walk towards the ceiling lamp at the end of the hall. Stop near the front door and dining table.
Go into the room with the square pattern on the floor, and see the two doorways to the left the mirrored hangings, go into the one on the left, take a few steps into the massage room and stop.
Go straight and then turn left and go out the door on the left. Turn right and go straight until you pass the double glass doors then turn right into the laundry room and wait by the washer and dryer.
Tissue between the living room stairs and the bedroom
The chair is in a reception room on the first floor.
Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn left into the last bedroom.
below a black and white picture, next to a window
Walk past the desk and out of the room. Walk down the short hall and exit it. Stop in front of the door.
next to the door and on the left of a small wooden table;
Walk out through the door into the hallway. Turn right in the hall and walk up the small set of stairs Turn the corner towards the front door and walk passed the the wooden cabinet and through the front door near the potted plants outside.
The chair is behind a wall painting and next to a door of the bedroom.
Go straight in between the table and china closet.Turn left and walk towards the piano. Turn, right, enter the hallway, and wait.
Go to the right of the island and turn left. Keep going and turn right and stop.
There is a big mirror put on the wall of dining room ,and a table close to the glass door.
Walk around the island counter and into the open door. Walk directly ahead to the tv in the open room. Step into the bathroom.
Turn right and walk down the hallway to your right past the water cooler. Stop once you are at the last doorway on the right.
Walk up the stairs. Make a right at the open doorway. Make a left and walk into the room, by the bed.
The chair is on the right side of a white bed and near a beige and black lamp.
Walk through the room and into the bathroom. Stop just inside the doorway of the bedroom.
Exit bathroom, turn left, go straight down hallway, turn left at the first open door, stop in front of the bed.
Walk straight down the hallway, in the direction away from the red couch.  When you get to the first doorway on your left, turn left and step through the doorway.  Stop there.
The bed is set near two white and yellow chairs and a yellow and white table, and underneath a painting.
Walk around the bed and leave the bedroom. Stop in the doorway outside of the bedroom.
Walk around pool on concrete path until double doors, enter house and stop between two pillars.
Leave the bathroom, and go straight in the hall. Take the last right and enter the living room. Stop next to the first set of three shelves on the right.
Exit bathroom to bedroom, walk slight left through study into hallway. Stop in hall.
Start out going straight through the hallway going towards a counter with a sink. Once your at the end of the hallway then turn left and head straight towards the sitting area with the tv hanging up. Go around the right side of the couch and walk straight towards the glass doors leading to the outside patio and go outside.
With the fireplace on your right, walk straight out of the main room and past the stairs.  Turn left in the sitting area in front of the gold footstool.
Leave the bathroom and take a right. Take a left into the main room and walk towards the main door. walk outside and stop outside next to the door.
Exit bedroom, turn left and stop at stairs.
Walk past the stairs on the right. Make a right in front of the framed horse artwork. Enter the bedroom. Walk past the bed on the left. Enter the bathroom. Wait at the shower stall.
Walk forward away from the stairs behind you, and go down the stairs into the living room. In the living room take a left and stop in the entry hallway in front of the door.
The vase is near a bedroom.
Go down the asleep of the chruch towards the front.  Stop and wait after passing all of the pews.
Walk forward and out of the room take a right in the hall. Walk up the hot tub and take a right. Stop in the doorway to the shower.
Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once out walk straight into the dining room and then turn left at the double doors facing the stairs and sitting area.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Wait next to the counter and chairs.
Walk into the bedroom, turn right into the bathroom and stop at the sink.
Head in and through the office, then use the left doorway to enter the seating area. Stop and wait by the nearest chair.
Walk through the doorway, turn left and stop in front of the marble counter.
The chair is set in the bright kitchen.
Walk out of the bathroom stall and past the sink area. Continue through the open door at the end of the bathroom. Walk across the hall towards the open double doors directly ahead. Walk into the large dining room and stop near the armchairs around the fireplace.
Turn to your right and exit the room. Walk to your left and enter the next room. Walk in and enter the closet on your left. Stop when you are at the clothes hanging and on shelves.
The kitchen is on the left of it
Walk along the wooden porch around the corner and past the rocking chairs. Walk into the entry way of the home. Stop near the couch and floor lamp near the entry door.
walk past staircase and stop in front of first door.
There are  one  chair  with the same size,  state on their left and a small  desk   opposite to it.
The coffeemaker is at the edge of a white table,close to a sink.
Walk past the pool, wait at the door to the house.
Walk all the way through the room past seating areas. Walk past the mirror and turn left, then right. Stop in the doorway near the light switches.
Leave the room and walk straight down the hallway past the front door.  At the sink, turn right and stop in front of the door to the toilet room.
The laptop is set in the bedroom on the third floor.
Turn to the right, go past the refrigerator.  Turn left and walk to the point where you're to the hallway by the entry and dining room area.
Walk down stairs, and walk through the first hall on your left. Walk straight to the door at the end of the hallway, stop immediatly after you walk through the door.
The corridor is on the second floor, has some rooms and two stairs beside it.
Exit room and walk down the hallway. Turn right at glass door and wait.
Go straight past the kitchen.Turn left and go down two steps of the stairs.
Take a step forward off the stairs.  Turn to the right and walk in front of the couch. Walk forward and face the hallway to the right. Wal down the hallway into the living room.
Walk between the hammock and the game table. Stop in front of the window.
The fan is hanging in a study.
on the table, next to the bed
Walk through the bathroom and  the hall. Stop in front of the closet.
The cabinet is in a big shared office with the number 363.
next to the closet,on the stove
Go into the entrance of the building. After inside the building, go straight on the left side of the dark brown couch. Pass the couch and go through the small doorway and stop.
Walk down the hall and into the room past the exit sign and stop.
Leave the dining room, and enter the kitchen. Leave the kitchen through the door on the left of the oven. Stop once you enter the hallway.
Walk through the door in front of the pool and make a slight left to get to the steps at the end of the room. Walk up the steps and wait at the top.
Walk in the direction of the table tennis table. Go to the conference room on the right. Stop between the two pillars.
The bedroom is next to the stairs and behind the blue wall painting.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right. Stand near the stairs going up on the left.
Turn until you're facing the wall with several doors marked with an "exit" sign above them. Exit the room through the rightmost set of doors on the opposite wall from you.
on the wall, next to the bookshelf, among five pictures and second from left
on the small table and below the picture
Head up the stairs and around the tub.  Go up the steps and head toward the stairs.  Go up the stairs and stop in front of the door.
Walk up small set of stairs.  Continue straight and pass the staircase on the way to the kitchen area. Wait by blue counter top.
Walk to the right of the island and left past the table and chairs. Walk to the double doors and stop just outside.
The sink is in a wide bashroom on the second floor.
Exit the living room, turn left, enter the patio entryway, wait by the potted plant.
Walk forward a few steps and make a sharp left turn. Walk straight past the dining table. Stop just past the doorway on the right side. Wait by the wicker chair.
Walk down the hall to the left of the refrigerator. Take a right into the bathroom at end of the hall. take a left and stop in the closet door on the right.
on the left side of the bed, on the nightstand
This area has ranges of benches and pillars.
The cabinet is set close to a corridior of the hall.
kitchen next to a stone cylinder and swimming pool
Walk forward down the hall, and take a left. Take the first right into the laundry room. Stop once you are in the room.
The shower is placed in the corner of a small bashroom.
go right around the dinning table towards the exit. turn right in the hallway. take a step and take another right and stop in front of the bathroom.
Head down the corridor towards the two exit signs. turn left in front of the break room and go down the hall and step into the conference to the left of the exit sign.
Reverse your direction 180 degrees. Walk through the doorway to the right of the door leading outside. Walk past the chair and straight into the leftmost door. Walk through the bedroom into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Walk into the bedroom, and into the hallway. In the hall walk straight and go to the white swinging doors. Enter the bedroom on the other side of the swinging door and top in the doorway on the left.
With the couch directly behind you, walk straight down the hallway and stop a few feet in front of the glass floor in the middle of the room.
Exit the room. Turn left. Pass the staircase and walk along forward. Pass the picture frames on the wall, and keep walking to enter another room that is straight ahead. Enter the room, and turn left to the bathroom, and stop there.
the TV is embed in the wallcurtains are close to it
There are some pillows on the sofa and a table in front of the table.
The switches are set in the staircase.
Turn around and walk into the larger hall. Take a left and  stop at the intersection at the end of the hall on the right.
Walk through the bathroom and turn right. Walk left past the couch, table, and chairs. Stop behind the chairs.
walk out of the office past the sink and turn right. Turn right and walk up the steps. Stop on the fourth step.
Walk down the hall toward the exit sign. When the hall opens to the right and left, turn left and stop next to the near red seat.
Turn to your left and go across the room to the other side of the bed. Stop at the foot of the bed with the table to your right.
Walk across the sitting area and stop by the sliding glass doors that lead to the pool.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the stairs down the hall. Turn left at the end of the hall and walk into the bedroom on the far right. Stop just inside the doorway.
The stairs is near the kitchen and near a white chair.
The sofa is near a big cabinet and near a wooden box.
the bedroom is in the end of a corridor which is near another bedroom and rest room
The painting is above a black and golden table and near a vitreous vase.
between two beach chairs, There is a small potted plant on the table.
Go up the stairs and make a right into the archway to the right of the red painting, take a step onto the rug near the bed and stop.
The chair is near a corridor and opposite to a room with a black carbinet.
Go inside and go through the second door on the left.  Stop in this doorway to the laundry room.
Exit the shower then turn u turn left and go into the room. Exit the room using the second door on the right and go up the steps. Pass the book case and wait near the plant in the brown pot.
Turn left and go up to the top of the staircase.
The office is next to a relaxing area and meets a road leading to the tea room and locker room and opposite to a corridor.
there is a big sofa on it, there is a table on it, on the wooden floor
Walk up the stairs and turn left. Go down the hallway and enter the first door on your right leading to a bedroom. Stand by the double doors left of the bed.
Exit towards the stairs. Find the entrance to the stairs going down.  Pass the enterence to the stairs until you see the runner rug to the right along  the stair railing.  Follow the rug until you reach the doors to a large ballroom to your left. Wait here.
Go through the door and past the console table.  Wait at the doorway facing out towards the stairway.
Go straight until you reach the end of the couch.  Turn left and proceed straight.  Stop after you pass the rug.
The shutter is settled in a wall, near a big painting and a white bed.
Walk out of the bathroom. Walk into the bedroom and take a left. Walk into the hallway. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Enter the room to your left. Walk into the room and head just past the white table and head outside to the patio.  Turn right a walk in front of windows.  Stand by the windows.
hung on the wall, next to the door
Go through the hall with the sink on the left, go passed the bathrooms on the left and turn left into the first glass doorway after the bathrooms on the left and stop.
The stool is placed near a table with white top ,on the right of a wooden stool.
Walk straight ahead through the archway. Walk ahead and turn right through the double doors. Step forward in front of the mirror.
Walk past the pool and inside the building.  Go up the stairs and turn right.  Stop in front of the end table with the plant in the white pot.
Looking at the washer and dryer, turn to the right and walk out of the short hallway through the open door.  As soon as possible, turn right and walk through the door that leads outside from the bedroom.  Once outside, turn right and walk past the two blue rocking chairs.  Walk down the three wooden stairs and stop on the landing.
Enter the bedroom from outside and go across the bedroom to the door on the right wall. Enter the first doorway on the right and enter the bathroom. Wait just inside the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk down the hall past the bathrooms and out of the locker room. Walk in front of the double glass doors and stop.
Leave bar area across sitting room through double doors. Turn right into hallway and enter main room. Stop on antelope rug.
Exit the bathroom, then turn left. Wait in the office next to the desk.
The stool is in a small bedroom.
Leave the locker room, and take a right. Enter the massage room through the last door on the right. Stop next to the door.
The sofa is near a wooden brown table, near a green sofa and opposite to a brown sofa.
Go down the stairs, and take a left. Walk down the hall and go up the first set of two stairs. Stop before you reach the doors to the patio.
The glasses are set opposite to a white and brown bed, two skateboards and two brassy lamps.
Turn left and exit the room. Once out turn right and walk forward and out the door on the left. Once out turn left and walk until you reach the fireplace.  At the fireplace, turn left and walk straight forward. Stop right before you reach the white table to your right.
Walk past the dining room table. Wait near the kitchen.
The bookshelf is near a balcony and a dining room.
Go straight down the hallway. Turn slightly left and go out the door on the left to the balcony. Wait near the black chairs.
The clock is set in the bright livingroom.
Turn around and take a left. Turn right after the table with the white tablecloth. Take another right after the bench with black leather. Wait next to the white chair on the right.
Turn around and turn left. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
The flower is put in the vase. The flower is facing the balcony.
between a big sofa and the bedroom, near stairs
Walk towards the small black chair to the right. Make a slight left, walking towards the cement statue.
Walk straight through the corridor with photographs on the wall  Enter the bedroom.  Make a left and walk towards the lamp.  Turn left and wait in the hallway next to the bathroom.
Turn around 180 degrees and go up the stairs to the top of the stairway.  Turn right.  Move forward a few steps and then stop.
Walk forward through the hallway and into the next room. Turn right and walk to the end of the carpet. At the front of the stairs turn right and walk to the doorway on the right.
The shutter is in a bathroom.
Walk out of the library and take a left in front of the piano. Take another left and head into the room on the right through the door left of the bookcase. Stop in the doorway.
You're in a bathroom, walk out of the bathroom and past the bed.  Go down a hallway and turn to the left.  Then enter the bathroom and stand in front of the mirror and sink combination area.
The furnace is located in the spacious livingroom.
Walk outside along the sidewalk. Turn right onto the stone pathway next to the pool. Stop on the first stone.
Go past the bed and into the room with the chairs. Turn left into the hallway. Go up two stairs.
on the long sofa, among six pillows and on the right of the them
Leave the closet and go through the fitness room. Once past the fitness room take the first left into the bathroom and stop next to the light switch.
Walk past the dining room table and chairs and past the stairs into the hallway. Turn left and walk down the hallway into the study. Stop just inside the doorway.
The sofa has grey plush pillows and black curtains at the back.
Walk out of the laundry room into the hallway. Turn left and walk straight. Keep walking until the windowed door is on your right and wait there.
next to the lamp and across the mirror
Walk towards the large window and turn left.  Walk across the room and past the elevator.  Walk to the stairs.  Stop on the second stair.
Turn around and walk in the bedroom. Turn right int the bathroom and wait there.
Walk through the hallway away from painting of the man to your right. Walk passed the sitting area and continue through the hallway toward a sculpture of two animals in a niche to your right. Once you get to the animal sculptures in the niche on your right, wait there. You should also see a tapestry hanging on the wall to your left.
next to the washstand, under the white picture
there is a small bathroom
Take a left out of the bathroom, continue down the narrow hall until you get to the closet. Stop at the door of the closet.
Turn right and walk to the living room. Wait by the sofa.
Turn right and go past the kitchen and left into the other room. Go past the wall with holes. Go past the table and chairs then turn left. Wait there.
The pillow is in a big living room.
Turn to your right and exit the room. Once in the hallway, walk to the open door on the other side. Once at the door, walk through.
The closestool is settled in the corner of the toilet.
under the television over the stove
Exit the room and head straight until you get to the living room. Then wait by the couches.
The bedroom is in the central of the corridor, on the second floor and on the left of the stairs.
Turn around to walk down the hallway and enter the first room on the left. Wait near the counter.
Walk through the doorway and turn left.  Walk down the hallway.  Turn to the left and you'll see a bedroom.  Walk just to the doorway and then wait.
Exit the room through the door next to you, and then exit the next room though the door on the left hand side of the opposite wall. Then turn through a one hundred and eighty degree arc to enter the room to your immediate left through the door labeled "Bay Soyunma Odasi". Stop after walking past the swing of the door.
The bedroom is on the right of it
Go straight toward the fireplace then turn left and pass the stairs on your left then stop.
Walk past stairs on the left. Walk past buffet table on the right. Make a right opposite the round table on the left. Wait at the water fountain.
The hand door is in the toilet.
Walk into the bedroom and then walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Walk into the playroom and wait there.
below a wall lamp and a white telephone;
Exit the bathroom and move immediately to the right, stopping in the doorway of the room to the right.
Walk down stairs. Walk past stair railing. Wait at frosted glass door.
Walk forward towards the door and take a right to go into the hallway. In the hallway go straight and go up the stairs stopping on the second stair.
The carbinet is in a bedroom.
Walk out of the laundry room and take a right. Walk straight down the hallway, then turn right and wait near the blue chairs.
Go to the chair Go to the doorknob Go in the door Go to the light switch Go to to the railing Go to the bed.
Exit the bathroom then u turn right and go into the room. Right before passing the desk turn right and wait by the white couches.
Walk down corridor with paintings on wall until you reach the staircase.  Wait here.
Walk forward into the living room and take a left. Walk straight past the kitchen and take the first left after the patio. Enter the patio kitchen and stop once you are in the room.
The light is placed next to  the hall and near a reading room.
Go down the stairs and take a right. Go down the hallway and into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. In the bedroom take a left and stop in the kitchenette area.
Walk out of the bedroom and through the entryway across the hall. Walk past the island and turn left. Walk to the right of the front door. Stop in front of the dining room table.
below a TV hung on the ceiling; beside a huge pilar;
Turn 180 degrees and walk up and away from the staircase. Turn toward the fireplace on the right and walk through the doorway to the left of the fireplace. Walk down the hallway. Turn left into the first doorway on the left side of the hallway. Walk into the doorway. Wait by the lamp.
Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left into the office and wait there.
The bedroom is at the end of the left turn behind the stairs.
Walk through the hallway and turn a slight left followed directly by another left and into the bathroom then stop.
The cabinet is in a bedroom.
The book is set in the spacious livingroom.
Walk past bathroom vanity. Wait at bedroom door threshold.
The sofa is located in the small home theatre.
Turn left and walk to the bedroom door. Turn left again, cross the bedroom, and stop in the bathroom door.
Exit the bedroom and enter the second room to your right with the pictures hanging above the doorway. Wait just inside that room.
Walk past the bed on the left. Exit the bedroom, and make a left. Walk past the stairs on the left. Make a right into the open door just after the two wall paintings on the right. Wait at the laundry room threshold.
Walk down the stairs and turn right. Walk past the couch and into the hallway. Walk into the third door from the right and stop just inside the doorway.
Exit the room through the swinging doors. Enter the bedroom on the right and stop in front of the bed.
Turn around and walk out the door behind you. Go across the room to the other side of the table. Go in the door to the left of the painting with sailboats and stop.
Turn around and enter the hall. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk past the bed, enter the bathroom and wait in front of the sink.
There is a mirror and a pot of flowers directly above it.
Turn right at the top of the stairs. Go past the bathroom and into the room with the blue circular thing in the middle of the room. Stop just inside the door, next to the white shelf with a silver mirror above it.
Exit the pantry to the kitchen. Turn right and exit the kitchen to the dinning room. Wait near the round table with the chairs.
Walk past the large painting and door on the left.. Wait in the hall in front of the bedroom.
Leave the bedroom and make a left in the hallway then make a right at the end of the hall. Go into the bedroom and make a right at the foot of the bed then a slight left to go to the bathroom. Wait in the bathroom.
Make a hard right. Make a hard right. Walk past the fireplace on the left. Walk past the round table on the right. Walk past the fireplace on the left. Wait at the wall mirror to the right of the french doors with green glass.
The toilet is in the toilet.
TV is set in living room.
Turn around, go around the bed and into the bathroom doorway and stop.
on the floor,between two desks,on the left side of the red box
Walk through the bedroom passed the bed and fireplace and out through the door nearest the bed. Walk into the hallway and stop near the circular mirror.
Walk towards the mirror then turn right. Exit the bathroom and take the doorway on the left. Go past the wooden shelves and into the conference room. Go through the door turn right at the first doorway and then enter the room.
Turn left  and walk down the hallway, stop at the entrance of the exercise room.
next to the stairs, on the third floor of the bookshelf
Turn to the left and walk to the right of the brown leather sofa. Walk around the coffee table in front of the fire place. Walk around the lounge chair and go through the rounded entryway. and walk towards the circular rug Stop in front of the artwork with writing on the right.
Walk straight towards the metal chairs, take a left, walk through the double doors towards the red bed, take a right, walk straight towards the desk.
Turn around and walk out of the office. Walk straight and through the doorway that leads to the kitchen. Take a left at the kitchen island and wait on the rug just ahead.
Turn around, walk between the two massage tables.  Go into the room, and turn to the right.  Go past the salon chair.  Veer to the left.  Go into the room and stop by the glass shelves.  Wait there.
beside a big washroom;
Turn right and go through the first entry way on your left. Go to the left of the table, through the left entry way, and move between the stairs and the wall to go toward the door next to the plant. Walk into the room with the two chairs at a table, and stop.
Walk past the fridge and straight into the hallway. Walk straight until you go into the room. Wait near the TV.
The curtain is near a white and yellow bed and a beige and black lamp.
Go straight past the Godfather poster and toward all the mirrors and make the corner and go to the staircase.
in the center of this small hall;
Go out the bathroom, through the bedroom and into the hall. Wait to the right on the second step.
Exit the room Then go straight until you get to a black chair and stop.
Turn left and go straight. When you get to a bed pass the bed then turn right. Go inside and walk straight into the room ahead. Wait near the first bed.
liquor storeroom is near a corridor , a living room  and a washroom.
next to the green chair and the Union jack
The painting is near a living and a bathroom.
Go down the hallway and wait next to the painting hanging on the wall.
Walk straight into the bathroom and stop in front of the sink.
Go out the door and turn left.  Go down the hallway and into the kitchen.  Go through the hallway to the mini kitchen and stop before you get to the sink.
This area has two massage beds and a laundry basket.
Walk forward toward the dining able, and exit through the archway. Go into the kitchen straight across. Walk forward toward the table, and bench. Stop before you reach the bench.
Walk away from the closet towards the bathtub.  Turn right and leave the bathroom.  Go out the doorway on your right and exit the bedroom and walk to the bottom of the stairs.
Walk past the large picture and chair. Walk past the dining room table turn right into the hallway and stop.
Walk past the basket and kitchen island. Walk straight across the hall into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and turn left. Walk into the bathroom and stop.
Go into the hall and past the dining table. Stop in the entryway near the back doors.
From the balcony looking at the grass take a left and walk down the corridor and enter the hallway at the end of the corridor and take a left and stop just inside the bathroom in front of the paper towel.
Walk forward into the work space. Stop next to the ping pong table.
Exit the room, and walk forward towards the living room. Keep going straight passing the sofas on the left towards the staircase on the right. Walk up the stairs, and stop at the fourth step.
Turn of  around and walk straight down the aisle until you reach the first set of pews. Stand ahead of them in the center.
Turn around and walk out of the room. Wait at the bottom of the steps.
Turn around and walk across the room to the small hallway. Then turn left and enter the bathroom.  Stand by the sink.
Exit the bathroom, turn right through the doorway. Go towards the "1" sign and make a right and then go down a few steps on the stairs and stop.
walk straight through double doors turn right in hall way. turn right on stairs and stop on 4th stair.
There are two doors in two corners and a television in the front of the living room.
Leave the kitchen and go straight Enter the room on the TV room through the second door to the right straight ahead. Stop in front of the first chair on the left.
Walk to the left of the table and chairs. Walk toward the dining room table and chairs and stop.
The living room is next to the kitchen and the bedroom.
Turn around and go down the hallway. Stop when you reach the third door on your left.
The display is in a meeting room which has the number 05.
Go forward towards door, turn right, then turn left. Go straight through doorway and stop.
Walk to the foot of the staircase. Go up the stairs to the top. Go outside and stop.
Walk through the door with letters decorating it. Walk down the hall past the wall art of a face around the corner past the open doors on either side and continue down the hall towards the bathroom around the corner.
Walk straight through the door and continue straight through the next door, stopping in the room.
Walk out of the bathroom and go out of the door on the right walk straight towards the window. Go down the first flight of stairs on the left and wait on the landing.
The desk is set in the living room.
The lamp is to the right of the mirror and to the left of the towel.
a printer and a box on it, against a wall
in a room with marble floors and towards a sink in the corner.
Exit the room, walk through the office and into the hallway. Wait in the hallway outside the door.
Go forward and make a right through the open doorway. Continue straight down the hall and make a right into the restroom.
Walk onto the first rug. Turn left and go along the right side of the table. Stop in front of the dresser.
Go to the left of the island and exit the entryway near the stove. Then follow the hallway to the right and continue passed the dining room and stop in the entryway of the house.
The chair is in a dining room.
Walk towards the refrigerator and then turn right.  Walk past the dining table and enter the bedroom at the end.  Walk through the bedroom past the bed and tub and stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk to the left of the end table and into the hallway. Turn left and stop just outside the doorway.
on the left of a yellow book,in front of two glowing screens and on the right side of glass wall
Exit the room through the door and turn left.  Take the first left, then a quick right turn into the bedroom.  Wait by door.
The chair is placed on the first floor in a big dining room.
Go up the steps and pass the pool then go near the glass sliding doors and stop.
Walk through the doorway directly in front of you and turn to the right.  Walk down the stairs.  Stop when you get to the landing.
The vase is in a living room.
Walk into the laundry area, turn left, walk past the kitchen, and wait outside.
Leave the closet and walk across the room tot he bathroom. Stop in front of the toilet closet.
Turn 180 degrees. Go outside door. Take a right. Go forward towards stairs. Stop.
Go down the stairs directly ahead. Head all the way down the stairs to the bottom floor. Turn left. Enter the kitchen. Wait by the stove.
decorated with the same style;
the drawer in the kitchen
Walk up stairs. Walk past the back of the sectional sofa on the right. Wait at the threshold of the dining room.
Go down the hall past the lap and into the room with the large oak table and flowered wall paper.
The stool is placed next to the hall and a stairs.
The chair is near a corridor and a bathroom.
next to a window, next to a sofa
Walk towards the bedroom door , turn right into the bathroom.
The drawer is in a study.
The bed is near a corridor and a storage room.
The window is in the middle of the entire window, above the fluffy stool.
The flower is placed on the table facing the sofa.
The telephone is on the right side of a green bed and next to a white and brassy lamp.
At the top of the stairs, turn right and walk past the dining table and when you get to the chairs in front of the fireplace, turn right into a bedroom.  Stop at the foot of the bed.
Enter the building. Wait beneath the sign that says RESTROOM.
Exit the bathroom using the door on the right. Head straight until you get to a room with three lounge chairs and wait there near the basket on the left.
Turn left out of the seated deck area. Go forward and turn right into the outdoor bedroom area. Head inside through the double doors. Enter the bedroom directly ahead. Stop there.
The table is in the study.
Walk straight down the patio past the two chairs and then two beds.  Turn into the room on the left after passing the two beds.  Walk through the room and stand in the doorway on the opposite wall from where you entered on the left, just past the animal skin rug.  Stop in this doorway.
Walk down the stairs.  At the bottom of the stairs, turn right and walk across the kitchen.  Make a left when you get to the refrigerator.  Stop when you get to the white canisters on the countertop on your right side.
Turn right and walk down the small hallway and out the door. Stop once you walk outside.
Walk straight till you get to the doorway and turn right.  Go down the hall, past the stair case and stop at the first door on the right.  It's a den.  Stop before you go in.  Wait.
Turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk towards the doorway. Enter the bathroom and wait there.
The bedroom is next to the stairs and near the closed door on the third floor.
Go straight until you pass many round tables with chairs. When you pass the large table on the left. Head straight until you get to more round tables with chairs.
the washroom is next to a stair,a living room and a rest room.
Go into the entry. Walk towards the table with the flower vase in the center of the entry. Stop on the second stair of the staircase that's on the right of the front door.
The cabinet is at the bottom left of the sink and to the right of the oven.
The drawer is placed below the oven near the floor.
The bedroom is next to the corridor on the second floor with a fireplace and a bathroom.
Go down the middle hallway on the left if you face the stairs. Go straight and enter the room at the end of the hall. Enter the room through the door on the far right. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk around the corner and right into the building. Walk into the opening on the left and stop.
The living is next to a corridor with wood floor and is connected with a small dining room.
The photo is in a living room.
The washroom is inside the bedroom, which is on the second floor and on the left of the corridor when go upstairs.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Turn right and go down the hallway. Wait near the grand piano.
The sculpture is located in the corner of the stairs.
between a plant and a red book,on the locker and under the clock
beside a trash bin made of stainless steel; oppposite a washing sink;
The racket is on a table with a green top, near a ping-pong ball.
Head to doorway. Go left and past the cabinet. Go past table and fireplace. Stop inside door to dinning room.
Turn around then walk forward through the bathroom, past the tub and into the hallway. Turn left into the bedroom. Step into the bedroom and stop by the chair.
Go straight down the long hall and stop once there is a large open glass door on the right.
The area is next to a kitchen and across form a fireplace.
in front of a brown cabinet;next to the door;
Turn around in till you can see the movie ticket on the wall to your left. Exit the room you're in by walking forward. Continue to walk forward until you're near the fireplace. Keeping the houseplant to your right walk forward to the stairs. Turn left, go up two stairs and wait.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and go into the double white doors. Wait near the bed.
Leave the sitting area and walk to towards the large wooden table.  Walk on right side of the table. Turn right at the white double doors. Stop inside the doorway.
The cabinet is placed below the sink and the water-tap.
Turn right and leave the room. Walk past the carpet into the hallway ahead. Keep walking to the end of the hallway and turn left. Walk into the room and then turn right. Walk across the room. Stop inside the ladies bathroom.
The table is next to a tiger skin rug, near a mirror with brown border and in front of the window.
Walk down the hallway past the mirror on the right and into the living room.
Walk down hall to stairs, turn right and enter bedroom. Stop In doorway.
Turn around and walk to the door that is straight ahead. Go through the door and continue forward, stopping just before you get the vase against the wall to your right. You will be standing between the vase and orange chair.
The washbasin is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
Exit the room and turn right. Wait in the doorway of of the room on the right.
Turn right and walk down the hallway and into the door on the end. Once in the bedroom, turn right and walk to the other side of the room and turn right. Walk straight ahead and stop when you enter the bathroom.
Turn around to your left and move forward into the hallway. Walk through the double doors, move forward and wait on the striped rug.
Go through the double doors under the sign "Spaces".  Stop in the entrance of the room at the beginning of the narrow red carpet.
Walk toward the fireplace and walk left. Walk into the entryway of the bathroom and stop.
The study has two pictures on the wall and connects with the outside via a door.
behind the recieption of this area.
Walk straight towards the mirror on the other side of the pool. Exit through doorway on the right. Enter room in front of your to the left. Stop in the doorway facing the massage table.
Walk straight toward the couches. Go straight through the couches and out the glass sliding doors. Go outside into the patio and turn left. Walk straight until you get to the two steps leading to the pool.
Exit the balcony into the bedroom. Head straight and stop in the open doorway to the left.
The lamp is set in the bright bedroom.
The box is placed on a yellow box next to a corner and a tripod.
Go towards glass doors. Hug the right side. Go forward and enter the white door on the right.
Go straight past the two fireplaces on the left. Wait near the three chairs on the left.
the bathroom is next to a dressing room and next to a bedroom which is next to a open-balcony.
on the left side of the big shelf and next to the glass wall
Enter past the thermostat and go through the left opening. Walk past the beds into the bathroom and wait in front of the sink.
Keep going straight at the top of the stairs and walk out onto the deck.  Once outside, turn right and go through the door going back into the house.  Stop in the doorway.
Exit the bathroom, and turn right at the corner. Keep walking straight passing two laundry baskets, and turn right next to the door near the baskets, and stop there.
the bedroom is on the left side of it
Turn to your hard left and walk down the hall. Then turn to your left and walk up the stairs. Stop in the middle of the stairs.
Exit the sauna and then Exit the room. Turn right and go straight into the room ahead. Wait there.
The sink is set in a table. A bigger sink is left to it. A small mirror is right to it.
Follow the hall to the living area and turn left. Wait near the refrigerator.
Turn around go to the end of the hall and turn left.
Walk along the banister railing past the pool table. Walk through the door on the other end of the pool table passing the sofa. Walk into the bedroom and stop near the bathtub near the door.
The books are settled in a small study.
Exit the bathroom and walk towards the bed. Turn right and walk towards the doorway. Wait at the doorway to the hall.
go up towards the stairs all the way to the top you will see two doors , one leads to the right and one leads straight on.
There is a balcony outside  the living room and a big mirror inside ,but there is no TV.
Walk past the glass walls on the left. Walk past the red metal sculpture on the left. Enter the building. Wait at the metal chair on the right.
Go down the hallway pass the black couch and go down the stairs go down twelve steps.
The mirrors are near a balcony.
a washroom with a wooden door.
The table is placed in a bright and clean bedroom.
exit bathroom and turn left, pass wall and turn left again, stop at sink.
Put the dining table behind you and go up the stairs.  At the top of the stairs turn right and enter the bedroom.  Stop just after entering the room.
Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward and wait at the table with the cup full of pins.
You need to leave the bathroom and turn left, then make the go through the first doorway on the left. Now walk straight across the hall and go through that doorway. Next make a left turn and walk past the staircase, stop walking and wait by the entryway to the hall beside the stairs.
Walk around the bed and exit through the door on the right of the painting of the girl reading the book.  Stop at the top of the stairs going down.
Walk up the stairs to the landing, then walk up the stairs to your right. Walk straight past the room on your right. Wait at the base of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom and walk past the screen and front door into the kitchen on the opposite side of the building from where you started.  Stop in the doorway just after passing the table with the glass top.
The stool is beside the table and swimming pool.
Leave the bedroom and go into the dining room. Walk to the stairs and go up. Stop on the fourth stair from the bottom.
Leave the bathroom and take a right, then a left and enter the reception area. Walk in the direction of the elevators and stop before you reach them. You should be next to the plant at by the stairs.
Go to the end of the hallway. Turn left and continue until you get to the bathtub. Continue past the tub and enter the door on the right into the room with the treadmill.
Leave the room, and take a left in the hallway. Walk down the hall and stop in the doorway to the bedroom straight ahead at the end of the hallway.
The meeting room is at the corner of the three fork road,opposite to an empty big room and has a road connecting to the rest area.
Go along the pool into the sliding glass doors, take a step in and then stop.
Walk towards the abstract art and wait by the doorway.
Go to the ship painting. Go to the patio doors. Go to the settee. Go to the open wood door. Go to the washer dryer.
Walk straight along brick. turn right at bushes. turn slight left and walk towards door. turn left and enter door way into living room. At table and chairs turn hard right and walk straight. Stop between giant pillar and chair.
Walk past the television and out of the room. Walk straight across the hallway and turn left. Stop by the railing near the stairs.
You're going to go from the kitchen into the bathroom.  Walk though the kitchen, taking the aisle between the oven and the kitchen island.  Make a left past the microwave and go through the doorway into the bathroom.
Walk through the door leading into the home. Take a slight left and go straight across to the room on the left. Wait here in the bathroom.
Walk straight through the doorway that is in front of you.  Turn left ninety degrees once you are through the doorway.  Walk straight past the table that is on your right.  Turn twenty degrees to your right and walk through the large doorway in front of you.  Walk straight through the doorway and past the large couch that is on your left.  Once you are past the couch, turn right until you are facing a chair in the corner.  You will see a doorway to your right.  Walk through the doorway.  You will see an exercise machine and another doorway to your left.  Walk through the open doorway.
Take the staircase with the two Chinese lions on each side and take the first door on the left; there is a bedroom with a washroom in it.
Walk down the hallway, then turn left to ascend the stairs. Wait at the top of the staircase.
Walk past stairs on the right. Walk past dining room on the left. Walk past wall mural of vineyard on the left. Wait under the pendant light hanging from the ceiling.
The fan is located on a long corridor close to the wall.
They are placed in the bedroom.
Exit the room with the easel. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait inside the bedroom by the entrance door.
Turn around and walk through the doorway to the left of the refrigerator. Stop near the desk.
Walk into the room with the two beds and leave out the door of the second bed.  Turn left and enter the second door on the left.  Walk next to the screen and stop in front of the wooden lockers in the area closed off by the screen.
The meeting room is opposite to the gate of a big meeting room and next to a room forbidden to entry and is along a corridor to the lobby.
Walk up the steps and right out of the front door. Stop just outside the front door.
With a glass wall to your immediate left and another one ahead of you, walk forward and turn right down the hallway. Pass by three doors on your right, then pass by a door on your left. Veer slightly right and stop in front of a set of double doors to your left and even with the jam of a single door in front of you.
Walk inside the building and go straight, pass two doors turn left into the bedroom.
The chair is settled near a red and brown chair, on the left side of a black bookshelf under a sculpture and two photos.
Turn around and exit the massage room and turn left. Wait in the entryway of another massage room next to the plant.
Finish going down the stairs then turn right and pass the kitchen then turn left and wait by the wood table with the white chairs.
With the stairs to your right and you facing the wall with three sets of doors going outside, head towards the doors. Turn left and enter the last vaulted hallway on the wall to your left. Stop at the midpoint of the vaulted hallway between two doors.
The table is near a corridor and a living room.
Exit the room and go up the stairs on your right.  Stop inside the doorway that is on your left.
The microwave is set under a red toaster and a orange juicer and near a big table.
next to a porcelain, next to boxes
Walk down the stairs, and enter the door on the left.  Turn right, and wait by the end of the counter top.
Head through the open double doors. Go straight and stop at top of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left. Walk straight and turn left into the room. Wait at the entrance.
near a chandelier, on a wall
You should walk down to the end of the hall and into the sitting area, and walk to the doorway at the end of the room. Now make a right and wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
Exit the bathroom and walk past the bed. Turn left and exit the bedroom. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
walk past the two black chairs towards large desk workspace.
Leave bathroom and turn left down the hallway with the mirror. Once you reach a light colored rug, take the doorway outside on your left. Wait on the porch just past the black mat.
The tablet computer is placed next to two stairs and near a reading room.
Turn around and enter the rightmost door. Keep walking  forward past the kitchen area and wait at the entrance of the bathroom.
The hank sink is settled in the center of a kitchen on the first floor.
Walk left down the hallway, keeping the black railing on your right.  Keep going straight and stop when you reach the framed mirror at the end just before entering the bedroom.
Turn right and go inside. Walk straight  past the black benches one on each side. Turn right. Walk toward the stairs on the right and wait there.
There is a sofa in front of the closet, and a white wall on the left of it.
Turn right walk straight past the potted plant and through the doorway stop by the bookcase and the first wall light.
The power switch is opposite the washing machine and next to the window.
Walk out of the locker room and take a right, and then another right. Wait just inside the room with the small beds inside.
After you go up the stairs turn slightly left and go right between the fake sink and the marble pot. Turn left into that hallway and then turn right and go into the bedroom. Pass the bed then go left into the bathroom. Wait by the white chair.
Go straight and then head right, down the entire hallway until stopping at the double doors under the exit sign.
Leave the bathroom and go around the room into the dining room. Take a left and go up the stairs and stop on the second stair from the bottom.
facing a table, next to a chair
Facing the door to the outside, turn 90 degrees to the left, then go forward and to the left. Move forward past the dinning table on your left. Then after passing the 2nd chair on your right, turn right and step into the hallway, stopping at the door to your right.
Walk through the doorway to the left of the fireplace, Walk right down the hallway, and walk into the first room on your left. Stop before you reach the small carpet.
Exit dinning area, head toward the kitchen, make a right and ascend the stairs, and wait on the stair landing, after two steps.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Enter the theater on the left and wait there.
Leave the office and take a left. Walk down the hallway and take a right at the exit sign over head. Go down this hall and take the first left and stop outside the first office door on the right.
The plant is placed in a tea room.
Walk through the bedroom past the bed and exit through the door into the hallway. Turn and walk down the hall past the hanging portrait pictures on the wall. Turn right into the doorway near the end of the hall into a bedroom with a comic book style art piece hanging on the wall opposite the bed.
Go straight across the room, and turn slight left through the opening. Walk straight to the bedroom door and stop.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and there is a garden outside.
The livingroom is on the first and next to the kitchen and dining room.
Walk around the kitchen island. Wait in front of the refrigerator.
Exit the laundry room, and make a right. Walk past the double window on the left. Walk past the covered cord plugged into the wall on the right. Make a right opposite the sliding glass doors. Enter the bedroom, and wait at the built-in shelves.
pass between couch and stairs continue into hall.  Turn right and pass through door, stop before cheetah wall hanging.
Exit the room then turn right and go past the stairs. Turn right and go into the room on the right. Wait near the bed.
Move toward the red art piece. Go inside. Turn left and walk toward the red chair. Begin to go up the stairs to your left. Stop on the second stair.
next to a black box on the desk and surrounded by seven chairs
Exit the bedroom, make a left, make a right into the next bedroom, make another right passed the bed into the archway and wait.
Walk forward veering slightly to the right go past one hall on your right come to a hall on left go slightly past and stop.
Walk up the stairs. Take a right pass the door. Take another right.
The lamps are in a kitchen.
The door handle is in the living room.
Walk through the kitchen and make a u turn and walk to the porch. Once on the porch walk down the steps between the two houses.
Turn around. Go straight through the doorway and stop. Turn left.Go straight towards the kitchen. Stop before you get to the bar.Turn left.
Walk into the screened in porch area and then turn left and enter the building.  Keep going straight through the kitchen area and stop in front of the washer/dryer.
Walk straight, after the two big door you can see a plant when you turn left you can see a bed.
Turn left to walk down the hallway. Wait in the second doorway on the right.
Walk into the living room and leave through the door on the left. Walk down the hall straight ahead. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway.
Walk past the sink and out the door on your right.  Go into the doorway to the room to the right and stop once you have stepped into the dining room.
over the drawer and switch
There is a woody wardrobe near the fan and a fences near it.
Turn around and go passed the rocker, turn right and go to the doorway on the right. Go to the back door and stop by the table.
on the left of the door, next to the picture
There is a kitchen behind it.
Turn around and go through the kitchen.  And through the dining room.  GO to the right, through the doorway and into the entryway.  You'll see a bedroom off to the right. Go to the doorway of that bedroom and wait there.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go past the couches on the right. Go past the table and wait near the window.
Turn around and walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway. Once in the hallway, turn in the first door to your left. Stop in front of the first sink .
Leave the kitchen through the entrance right of the microwave. On the patio take a left into the bedroom. In the bedroom take a left and enter the bathroom. Stop once you pass the doorway to the bathroom.
Turn around and enter the house. Once inside, walk straight past the chairs on the right and the table with chairs on the left. At the end of the table turn left and enter the doorway. Stop once inside the doorway.
Take a right before the double doors that lead outside. Once through the doorway, walk through the second doorway directly to the left. Continue to walk straight through the doorway, into the room...stop when you are standing directly in the middle and in front of the two beds.
The sofa is near a corridor and a storage room.
Walk to the end of the hall and turn left. Keep walking across the room staying the the left and turn left and stay around a red carpet with green chairs.
Exit the closet and go through the doorway on your left.  Enter the bedroom then walk to the double doors on your right.  Walk down the hallway to your right and stop under the archway behind the blue chair.
There is a black rug under the sofa with a black curtain
The bathroom is in front of a gym and is behind a bedroom.
Turn around and walk towards the double door with the glass on the left. Stop inside the door frame.
The chair is set next to a round brown table, near a vase and near a black television.
Walk past the bed on the right. Make right in front of the TV. Walk past the painting on the wall to the right. Exit the bedroom. Walk the art gallery wall on the left. Make a right at the end of the half wall on the right. Enter the open door to the left of the Frida Kahlo painting.Walk past the bathroom on the left. Wait at the drapery panels.
Turn to the left. Walk down the hallway and through the door at the end of the hall. Move through the bedroom. Walk through the door at the left on the end of the bedroom. Stop at the doorway on the inside on the empty room.
Turn left and exit the bedroom. Then walk down the stairs and wait near the sink.
Turn right. Go forward through hallway. Enter far door on left. Enter kitchen.
Go forward through the doorway.  Turn left and go down the hall.  Take the second left and go into the bedroom.  Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk down the hallway to the right of the fireplace, then turn left and go up the white stairs.Then go up the right hand side of the red steps and wait at the top.
The small cloakroom is between a corridor and a bashroom.
There is a sink, toilet and mirror in the toilet.
Exit bedroom and turn left. Walk straight and stop when you come to two small lit Christmas trees.
Turn right and walk through the door. Walk across the room and through the door straight across. Stop once you take a step through the door.
Walk into the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom and take a right into the unfinished room. Wait in the unfinished room.
Walk down long stone walkway beside the pool.  Enter the door at the end of walkway.  Wait here.
Turn right and walk across the porch all the way to the other side and stop when it ends.
The laptop is in a big office that is large enough for six people to work.
Go straight and turn left down the hall. Turn right into the laundry room.
Go down the hallway towards the fireplace. Make a left turn head towards the doorway in between the two white tables. Enter the archway under the Restroom sign and stop there and wait.
on the wall, above the table, facing the door
Walk down the steps through the living room towards the mirror. Turn left and walk towards the stairs and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
He was directly above the sink and diagonally below a ceiling light.
Leave the bathroom. Go right towards kitchen, but stop short and go down hallway. Go through wooden double doors, and stop on the throw rug.
Go to the right of the stairs and into the large master bedroom.  Wait at the doorway to the bathroom.
Exit the closet into the bathroom, then turn left and exit the bathroom into the bedroom. Go to the opposite side of the room, then exit the bedroom.
The box is settled in a study.
Veer left through the game room, pass the pool table and exit through the doorway by the arcade game. Enter the bedroom and wait by the nightstand.
Exit the massage room, turn right and turn right again at the three pictures and go straight, then stop when about to enter the lounge room.
The lamp is near the balcony and living room.
This is a clean, tidy and spacious living room.
Walk toward the refrigerator and turn right. Walk out of the kitchen and past the dining room table. Stop on the first step of the stairs.
on the left of the cabinet and another painting
The sofa is on a red carpet and near a brown rectangular wooden desk.
Pass through the kitchen, make the first right into the gym and wait near the television.
Head toward the room with the table and chairs and then go left to the chandelier.  Head to the opening on the left and go in front of the stars and continue on to the doorway.  Continue on into the sitting room and stop in front of the table and two chairs.
Go all the way down the stairs. Go left and stop near the kitchen island.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Walk through the hallway and pass the stairs on your right.  Enter the doorway and turn left.  Enter the bedroom, walk past the bed, and turn left. Walk towards the doorway next to the dresser and wait in the doorway to the bathroom.
Turn left and exit the door near the sink. Then turn left and enter the next hallway. Turn right and enter room, Stop at the edge of the rug facing the couch.
Walk to the dining table and then turn right and walk through the kitchen.  Turn left when you reach the white table on the other side and walk towards the couch.  Stop at the corner of the couch closest to the deck.
Go up the stairs. Turn left. Go straight into the room ahead. Turn left and go into the closet. Wait there.
The attic is above the living room, and connects with a staircase.
Walk pas the table and to the left. Walk past the desk and stop by the white shelf.
walk off the balcony into the bedroom. Go through the bedroom and out into the hall and take a left. Go down the hall, and take the first left into the bedroom stopping in the doorway.
With the chairs on your right, walk straight and turn right following the railing.  Turn into the bedroom and walk through it past the bed and couch.  Turn into the bathroom at the end and stop in the doorway to this bathroom.
Walk towards the wall divider inside the house.
The television is hung above the sink next to the cabinet.
Exit the room. Turn slightly left and go straight. Pass the stairs and head straight down the hallway. Walk all the way down until you get to a large room. Stop at the entrance.
The door locker is located in a man washroom.
Walk toward the metal object on the ground. Then start walking in the direction of the purple chairs. Walk past the purple chairs and turn left. Wait at the stairs before the room with the red cabinets.
The sculpture is near a living room.
Leave the bedroom and go into the television room. Stop when you are parallel to the speaker on the right.
Walk all the way down the stairs. At the bottom turn left and walk forward towards the 2 black doors on your right leading outside. Walk out the doors and stop once out.
You should turn so you are facing the room with the piano and walk past the piano and to the entryway on the right end of the room. Now walk through the entryway and wait in front of the tall flower pot beside the door to the outside porch.
Go up the stairs and turn left through the first doorway at the top. Walk past the bed and stop by the plant on the floor.
Turn left until you face a set of double doors that are opened with a light switch on the right. Walk through the open doors and turn right to face a blue bathtub and some chairs on a platform. Walk past the bathtub and the chairs on the right hand side of the room until you come to some stairs. Walk up the stairs and turn slightly right to face another set of stairs. Walk half way up the stairs.
Exit the closet and enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom and enter the bathroom. Wait in the bathroom.
The stool is in a big restaurant .
The bathtub is in the bathroom of the bedroom.
Go up the steps on the left. Turn left and wait near the large white doors.
Pass the table and chairs then turn left and go out the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait by the sink.
pot culture next is a glass door and the sofa opposite
There is a median size table put at the corridor and there are two small bedrooms close to the small chair.
You need to leave the movie room and go across the hall into the living room and wait.
Go up the steps on the left. Go straight and then turn right into the hallway. Wait there.
The office is opposite to a public working office and has a path leading to the stairs on the left.
Walk towards the painting on the wall, then turn right and exit through the door. Turn left around the corner, then walk straight. Stop in front of the small round table with the plant.
Turn around and walk towards the large green vase. Once you reach the vase, turn left and enter the room with the words #downtown beside the door. Once you enter stop when you get to black chair looking into the room.
Walk down the stairs towards the bathroom door straight ahead. Stop just before entering the bathroom and wait.
Exit the bathroom and go through the archway on the left. Cross the room, and wait on the porch, outside the front door.
Walk past the fridge through the doorway.  Keep walking until the door to the garage is on your left and then stop.
Go straight and pass the stairs going up. Head toward the stairs going down and go down the steps. After you go down turn left and wait by the table and chairs.
The cabinet is near the bed.
There are many utensils on the table, There are many chairs near the table.
Turn left and enter the hallway.  Then turn left and walk up the stairs then along the hall.  Turn right and enter the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Go straight down the path passing the first door into the living room area. Go through the living room and stop at the door to the balcony.
Turn around 90 degrees, facing the red door behind you. At the end of the hallway just before the red door, take a right. Walk forwards past the copy machine. Just after passing the copy machine, stop.
The towel is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
Face the mirror hanging on the wall and turn left. Walk towards the stair case and turn right. Walk into the kitchen area and stop next to the counter.
The flower is on the table. The sofa is in front of the table.
Turn around and walk by the pool and potted plants. Take a right into the house. Take another right and wait by the table.
Go to the doorway Go forward 1 metre Go to the chair Go to the painting Go to the plastic chair Go to the water faucet.
Exit the room. Turn left and walk toward the double doors. Go outside then wait.
Turn to your right and go down the walkway past the door to the outside on your left. At the hallway with the four  doors go through the door on the left, past the chair to the door's left.  Go into the room past two beds on your right into the bathroom and then turn and face the mirror.
Go straight up the steps. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the coffee table.
You should make a left to leave the bathroom, then make a left in the hall to go down the steps. Now stand at the bottom of the steps in the bedroom and wait.
Turn slightly right to walk up the staircase. When you get to the top of the stairs turn left to walk past the closed door on your right. You will have to immediately turn left again to follow the hallway around the staircase. Take the arched passageway that is immediately to your right to walk into a short hallway and stop. There should be a bathroom straight ahead of you, a bedroom with a sofa to the left and a smaller bedroom to the right. Stop here.
Angle yourself so the wall is on your left and walk until you reach a door and some potted plants.  Stop when you get to the first potted plant.
Travel past the long dining table until you reach the tub, enter the door on the left and wait near the entrance.
Walk over to the left side of the room. Stop while facing the large glass doors leading outside and the kitchen.
The sink is put on the washing table ,under a small tap close to the grey towel in the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Pass the kitchen and turn left. Wait right there.
below a decorative piture;faces a rounded table;
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and first from left
Walk past the laundry machines exiting the room and wait at the doorway to you right.
Walk straight head and cross the room going past the long table and bar area. Stop once you reach the pink, green and brown couch.
Head past the clothes and through the door, make a hard right turn once you hit the sink followed by a left turn and into the kitchen area. Stop.
Continue straight down hallway to open door to outside. Stop just before going outside.
Walk forward into the room with cabinets. Take a right once you exit the room. Go up four stairs and stop.
Go to the bottom of the staircase in the dining room. Go into the office.
Enter house and turn left. Walk across living room to washing machine and stop.
Walk forward and take a left. take the next left and enter the tile with the mosaic. Stop in front of the snail on the ground.
The table is surrounded by four beige and brown chairs, near a big television.
The clock is placed in the reading area.
Walk through the double doors make a left then a small right near the very small door. Walk into the doorway past the small door.
on the left of the bed, on the nightstand, next to the window
Leave the workshop and head to the black leather chair. Stop nextt he chair and the red wicker chairs.
Walk out of the kitchen into the dining area. Walk to the living room, and stop behind the blue chairs.
Walk behind chairs, through hallway, then go to the left, keep walking towards room with large desk. Take a few steps into the room, then stop.
Turn left and then walk past the recliner, continue until you turn slightly right, then continue before turning a sharp right and into the room then stop.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Take a right into the bedroom. Wait next to the tub.
The balcony is outside the livingroom, next to the dining room and on the third floor.
Turn left and walk past the countertop. Walk forward then turn right at the food shelves. Turn left and walk open to the door with the wooden slats.
Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Walk through the bedroom and stop in the hallway outside.
Walk down stairs At bottom of stairs walk to center of hallway and stop by Guitar.
Head to the left of the table and toward the stairs.  Go past the stairs and stop next to the coffee table and couch.
Walk through the kitchen, turn right after the column. Proceed pass the stairs and enter the bathroom. Wait near the toilet.
Head indoors, turn left, go through the hallway, turn left, enter the bathroom and wait there.
Walk straight down the hallway then turn right. Turn right again and walk straight into the room. Wait near the entrance.
Walk past the 2 ottomans and to the doorway.   Make a left out the door and walk past the closet to the other doorway. Make a hard right and go down the stairs. Then wait by the doorway and the bottom of the stairs.
Walk through the living room, heading past the blue couch.  Walk between the two brown chairs and stop before leaving the room.
Walk through the doors and to the right of the grated wall. Stop by the table and chairs.
The television is hung above the sink next to the cabinet in the kitchen.
The living room is facing a big and white living room and is connected with a small dining room.
The hand door is close to the bedroom and toilet.
Walk along the hallway keeping to your left. Walk up the first few steps of the stairs to your left. Wait there.
the dressing room is near a washroom and a bathroom which is in a bedroom near a open-balcony.
a bar with a vase on it.
Exit the laundry room and walk through the hall to the left. Enter the bedroom in the corner of the hall and turn left into the closet. Wait in the closet, near the shelves on the left.
Walk up the stairs and turn to your right. Then walk past the upstairs fireplace and stop by the hand rail.
Turn around and exit into the kitchen. Walk out the right side of the kitchen and out the door on the left. Once out walk forward into the foyer area and turn right and head to the stairs.  Start to walk up the stairs and stop on the 2nd step from the bottom.
Walk past the bed on the left, and through the door. Stop immediatly before passing under the doorway.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right and enter the doorway. Walk straight, turn right, and enter the bathroom.
The vase is near a corridor and a bathroom.
Exit the kitchen using the door on the left then turn right and go through the door and then turn left and go into the bathroom and stop at the entrance.
the living room is next to a balcony and a stair.
Pass the fridge then turn left and go up the stairs on the right. Go up three steps then stop.
Walk around the bed and stop in the doorway to the bathroom on the opposite side.
The sofa is in the centre of the living room.
Walk down the entire hallway and stop inside of the doorway facing a zebra painting.
Go inside and turn right. Go passed the bed and enter the doorway. Go to your left and walk down the hall. Enter the door on the left and stop.
Turn around and walk across the bedroom and out the door on the right. Once out turn right and walk towards the wood table with benches. Stop when the floor changes.
Head down the hallway and stop next to the table.
between window and bed, under a book and a lamp
This area has one door and one large mirror.
Leave the room, and take a left. Go straight down the hallway, and follow it as it curves. Stop in front of the closet before you reach the stairs.
Turn left. Go around the bed and turn left. Exit the room and turn right. Wait there.
Walk around the glass table and out of the room. Turn left and walk towards the staircase. Stop in front of the door on your right and wait.
The office is in front of a corridor door,along the road linking the tea room with the restaurant.
Walk through the library along the long wooden table. Walk out of the  door on the other end of the room underneath the stairwell. Walk into the hallway passed the statue and stop on the stairwell do the lower level.
The picture is on the wall in the living room.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Wait in the bathroom on the right.
Turn around and go to the end of the walkway, go through the doorway and take a right, keep going to the next hall on the right, turn right, go down the steps, and stop.
exit the bedroom then take a left. go past the glass floor and straight. turn right in the bedroom and stop.
on the side of the room
Exit the room and make a hard right immediately.  Continue straight and make the first left turn.  Enter the bathroom to the extreme left.
next to the bed,next to the balcony door
The table is in the center of wide and bright study.
Go past the two sinks and then past two doors one on each side.. Turn left and exit the room. Go down the stairs ahead. Stop eight steps to the bottom.
near two changing rooms;
near two wall lamps; beside a brown cabinet;
Walk through the living room past the kitchen to the second step on the stairs.
The dustbin is under a white desk and in front of the root of the chair.
Exit the bathroom and head outside through the glass door in the bedroom.  Wait on balcony.
Take a left, then a right. Walk down the hall and wait in the bedroom.
Face the two columns.  Walk between the columns, turn right and walk down the hall.  Walk thru the breakfast nook, between the two columns and stop.
next to a picture, facing a table
behind the first row of the desk,on the most right side of the first row and nearst to the door
The cabinet is above the washing machine and opposite the window.
Turn around, go down the stairs, and turn left at the blue couch until you reach the table with black chairs.
Exit into the hallway and turn toward the stairs. Walk past the stairs and stop just inside the next room.
Walk straight down the hall until you see a white and blue painting. Turn right and go into the room on the left that is straight ahead. Walk past the bed and straight into the bathroom. Wait near the shower.
Walk straight but slightly to the right. There will be a door immediately to your right, the door has a crash-bar attached to it, walk pass that door until you pass a picture frame on your right. Immediately after that picture frame make a quick right into that door and wait there.
Leave the kitchen heading to the stairs. Pass the dining table on your left and turn left. Stop behind the first section of the couch.
Walk towards the closed set of double doors at the end of the corridor. Turn left and enter the building through the second door on your left.  Stop next to a painting with flowers and a building.
Appliances on one side and coffee machine above the drawer
Leave the bathroom by taking a left with the toilet behind you. walk straight through the foyer into the kitchen. Stop next to the white pillar in the kitchen.
Turn around and go down the hallways with the pictures on the wall.  They will be to your left.  Go into the bedroom through the open door.  Turn left 90 degrees and walk towards the bathroom stopping right outside the door.
Turn around and head past the stairs and stay to your left. Turn left at the island and walk through the doorway. Turn left at the first opportunity and take one step into the dining room. Stop right there.
There is a picture on the right of the vase and a toilet is under the vase.
they are in a living room on the first floor.
Turn around and walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Take another right and wait in that bedroom.
The light is near a wooden door and there is the same light on the right of it.
Walk out of the bedroom and walk left past the pool table. Walk into the doorway next to the lamp and stop.
Enter house and walk across room between kitchen and living room. Stay lefto of the stairs and walk through opening. Stop outside on door mat on top of the stairs.
Walk past the stairs on your right. Take a left at the living room. Go into the kitchen and stop behind the sink in the counter.
Go straight then turn right. Turn right again and go into the bathroom. Wait near the first sink.
The towel is above the pool and beside the door.
Turn around, head into the doorway into the hallway, take a left to the second set of open doors,  turn right into the office room with a black cowhide on the floor, turn right and stop just inside the doorway.
Walk out of the massage room and take a right. Enter the massage room that is the fourth door on the right wall. Stop inside the door way to the turk sauna.
Walk through the glass set of doors that are next to the plants. Continue to walk past the kitchen and through another class door directly in the middle.. Stop after you pass through the door.
Go down the stairs. Then turn right and go through the double doors to the right of the stairs going down. Continue through the next two doors straight ahead and stop in front of the table with four chairs.
Walk away from the red cabinets, behind the oversized red chair, to the right of the metal cylinder, and continue straight, turn right when you reach the two metal chairs and stop once you walk through the doorway.
Turn right and enter the building. Turn left and enter the closest and leftmost doorway. Wait there.
Go around the table and pass the ping pong table. Wait near the desk with the two brown chairs and one black chair.
Walk up the stairs and take a right. Wait in the entrance if the kitchen and wait there.
Turn left and enter the house. Go down the hallway. When you reach the open room with all the couches , turn right. Keep walking towards the large table beside the door leading outside. Stop right before you reach the middle table.
Walk past libray ladder. Wait at striped rug.
Turn to the right and then turn right again immediately. Go the right and pass the table. Then turn left and go through the two doorways and stop.
The living room is next to a dining room and leads to outdoors via a door.
Turn right and go past the cabinets.  You'll walk through the bathroom and into a hallway with a mirror.  Stop right there.
Walk into the left bedroom door past the bed. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Turn left past the last picture and stop in the bedroom doorway.
Turn right to head down corridor.  Take the first left and enter bedroom.  Wait next to bed.
Go left down hallway, stop at the living room.
Go up the step.Take a left to the left of the table. Go towards couch and stop.
Walk past the Christmas tree out of the room and go left at the base of the stairs.  Stand under the ceiling fan and go into the doorway to the dining room between the red and yellow chairs.  Stop in front of the first chair you reach in the dining room.
Leave the dining room and turn right then go down the hallway. Go down the hallway and make the first right and go straight into the bathroom on the right and wait by the sink.
The area is next to the dining room and on the first floor
Leave the room and walk into the next room on your left.  Stop just after entering this room.
next to the table, next to the window
Enter the room with the exercise equipment and turn left. Walk straight and down the the left side of the pool and into the alcove behind the wall at the end of the pool. Turn hard left and go the doorway leading into the massage room and wait at the door.
walk slight right across sitting room into hallway, turn sleight left and enter bedroom on the right. turn left in bedroom and stop next too hutch.
Walk forward down the hallway until you reach the end.  Enter the bedroom and stop at the doorway.
walk past the bathtub then go into the walk in closet then stand in the middle of the room.
Step forward, turn left and enter the kitchen. Keep to your left, enter the doorway, and wait near the sink.
Walk through the door next to the potted plant and walk inside the room.  Turn left once inside and go into the closet.  Stop after stepping into the closet.
Turn to the right and walk up to the counter. Turn left and walk past the fireplace. Walk over to the archway. Turn right at the pictures on the wall and go straight. Go into the door on the left by the pictures.
The bedroom is on the first floor and next to the bedroom.
The chair is settled in a study.
Walk down the hall and stop in the doorway next to the stairs.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Take a left in the hallway and enter the first bedroom on the left. Enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the toilet.
Walk straight through the door, turn left, and go down the hallway and to the left toward the bottom of the stairs. Go toward the bar and stop.
Walk toward the grand piano. When you get to the piano turn right. Wait in that hallway.
Walk past the two metal chairs into the room with the red bed.  Go to the head of the right side of the bed and turn right.  Walk through the passageway and walk into the bathroom area.  Walk past the mirror and stop in the doorway to the shower.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom.  Continue past the closet area.  When you get into the bedroom and are next to the bed, on the side, stop.  Wait there.
under the table, behind the sofa, among four stools and first from left
Turn around and exit the bedroom into the hallway. Go down the hallway to the end and turn left. Enter the first white door on your right and stop.
Go indoors and head straight then after you pass the bar turn left and wait by the black bench on our right.
Walk across the room to the towards the reception desk. At the desk turn right and then enter the hallway on your left. Stop inside the hallway where the carts are stored to your right and facing down the hallway.
Exit the intersection towards the staircase, make a right and go straight passed the two chairs on the right, make another right into the intersection and stop in the middle of the intersection.
Exit the laundry room and walk down the hall. Go past the dining table and wait in the sitting room, near the front door.
Walk out of sauna. Walk past glass display shelving. Make left out of sauna door. Walk past framed triptych. Make left at pendant lighting. Wait at planter half-wall.
Turn left and walk across the back of the building behind the rows of benches. Wait by the marble pool.
Go out the doorway to the right of the bed and head up the stairs, stopping at the top.
Pass the bed and turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to a painting that will be on your right which has a lady and watermelon in it. When you see that turn right and wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk into the office, and take a right to enter the bedroom. take a left and go through the bathroom into the closet. Stop once you enter the closet.
next to a chair, under a flowerpot
From bar walk left across bedroom. Stop at closet with robes.
Walk forward with the staircase to your left. Make a left at the door with the staircase still to your left. Walk down the hallway and into the double doorway on the right.
Enter the home through the large glass door and go to the doorway of the television room.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait at the entrance.
Go across the room with the banquet table and wait in the doorway, that is facing another large room.
Walk out of the bedroom and walk right past the chair. Turn right and stop just outside the doorway.
The wardrobe is placed next to the poster and the television against the wall in the room.
The toilet is located in the washroom.
Exit the laundry room. Turn left and walk straight into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Then go into the closet, turn left, and stop after a couple of feet.
Go up the stairs then U turn right and go straight. Wait near the table and sofa chairs.
Turn around and exit the room. Take a right and then your first left. Wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
Walk along the stone pathway past the potted plants. Continue into the front door of the home. Walk past the wood and glass cabinet and turn the corner past it. Walk down the hall with the wooden cabinets. Turn into the first open door that leads to a bedroom with a green blanket covering the bed.
WALK FORWARD TOWARDS THE STAIRS, WALK UP THE STAIRS, WALK FORWARD TO THE POTTED PLANT.
pot culture Near the balcony
The balcony is on the second floor of the villa, directly below the garden.
The chairs are near the living room and on the opposite side of a bedroom.
Go left along the couch and take a left up the stairs right before the plant, keep going through the kitchen, through the open door, keep going and down the hall until you get just inside the entrance way of the wine room and stop.
Walk into the building and turn left. Stop by the bookshelf.
Turn right. Enter open door. Turn right at door. Follow forward into kitchen. Turn to stairs.
Walk past the fireplace and go through the arch way. Past the arch way take a right and enter the bedroom to the right of the photos of the kids. Stop in the doorway to the room.
Leave the closet. In the hallway take a right. Go down the stairs and stop on the bottom step.
Walk through the corridor and then make a sharp right turn, continue to the steps before taking a slight right and stopping right next to the steps.
Exit the bathroom. Walk into the hallway, then turn right. Walk to the end of the hallway. Walk up the stairs.
Go through the open door.  Turn to the left so you're facing down the hall.  Go past the kitchen island and through the doorway that's to the left.  Stop in the doorway.
Leave sitting room going up steps towards entry way. Walk across entry way taking stairs leading down. Go down stairs and walk towards siting area with bar. Stop before rug.
The stool is beside the outdoor swimming pool.
Exit the bathroom and continue towards the bedroom exit. Stop in the doorway leading outside.
Bed in the bedroom
Turn around and go passed the pictures on the wall. Go into the bedroom at the end of the hall and turn left. Enter the hall to the left of the bed and stop.
next to a picture, below a light
The bush is in the kitchen.
The table is under a black television and a red lamp and near a gray and black bed.
under the table, among four stools and second from left
Turn around and go down the hallway.  Turn to the right at the end of the hallway. Stop by the water cooler.  Wait there.
The balcony is outside the bedroom and next to the washroom.
between two cabinet with a lamp , in front of a cabinet with a television
Turn left into the bedroom then turn right and walk to the patio doorway. Stop in the doorway.
Walk around the bed and into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the sink.
at the corner of the corridor;opposite two shower cubicles;
Leave the bathroom, and head out of the locker room. Take a  right in the hallway and enter the locker room which is the first room on the right. Stop on the right of the bench in the middle of the room.
Go upstairs and stop next to the drum set.
Go through the doorway between the chairs. Walk into the bedroom and take a right. Go through the doorway and walk down the hall into the bathroom. Pass the sinks and go into the shower. Stop.
Go past the bathroom and down the hallway to exit the room on through the door left. Walk down the hallway and to the stairs. Go down one stair, and stop.
Go down the circular stairs and turn left at the bottom.  Walk towards the opening outside and stop between the dining table and light grey sofa.
Exit the bathroom and wait in the hallway near the artwork.
Walk into the home and through the living room area past the bar stools and counter top. Continue into the hall up the small step and past the stairwell. Walk through the open door leading outside.
Walk past the tapestry on the right. Walk past the glass coffee table on the right. Walk past the french doors on the right. Wait behind the chesterfield sofa.
walk down hallway towards stairs, walk down stairs, continue straight, walk down more stairs, turn right and walk down the rest of the stairs, turn left, walk straight and turn right and stop in front of stove.
Turn around and wait next to the white robes.
The study is on the first floor and it connects with a bedroom.
Exit the room. Turn left and go straight into the room. Walk past the bed and continue straight into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Go along the outside walkway past the plants on either side.  Stop at the last set of plants before the awning.
Walk behind couch and turn left, exit living room and wait at pictures on the wall.
Walk around the table and into the room with the long table and chairs. Walk around the table and go into the doorway on the left.
between two cabinets, next to the coffee maker
The bedroom is located on the left of the stairs and next to the restroom.
Head out through the dining room and into the door nearest the fireplace, then turn left. Stop in the landing and wait near the stairs.
Exit massage room, then go straight into the hall towards the three silver hangings, go passed the hangings and go into the archway on the right of the two archways and stop.
Exit the bathroom. Take the door on the right to exit the bedroom. Go across the hall. Enter on the left and stop beside the recliner.
Exit the locker room and go next door to the right. Wait inside near the sinks.
Walk down the stairs and then across the room. On the other side, turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk up the few steps and stop in the doorway at the top.
The towel is inside the bathroom.
Turn right down a long tiled hallway and walk towards the door. Turn right just before you reach the end, and look into the office. Wait.
Turn left and exit the room. Go straight until you get to a large door with a wreath on the left. Turn left and wait there.
in the cabinet, next to the wall
Go up the left flight of stairs. Go to the black office chair.
Go toward the three lounge chairs and take a left after the wall with glass and frosted glass. Go down the hall past the wall sculpture and wait in the doorway between the two paintings.
The two stools are under the white desk,next to the woody table with eight black chairs.
Turn left and wait on the rug in front of the bench with the giraffe print.
Walk through the kitchen past the stove and enter the bedroom.
Go up the stairs and then turn left and continue going up the stairs. Turn left again and go up the stairs. Wait near the Marilyn Monroe picture frame on the right wall.
Go straight through the kitchen. Wait near the white couches.
Walk past pictures towards white globe on floor. After you go through the doorway, take a right. Go past closet and wait at entrance to the bathroom.
Turn around and walk away from the steps. And follow the wood railing all the way around until you reach the blue furniture. Walk through the furniture and step up and stop to the right of the single recliner.
Cross the room and go into the archway behind the blue couch, take a step into the room and stop.
Go into the office and leave. Go forward and into the main room. Walk right towards the stairs. Go up four stairs and stop.
Enter the main room with the stairs. Go around the stairs on the left. Go down the hall on the right, and enter the second door on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Walk to the top of the stairs. Walk down the stairs past the plant. Walk up the stairs and across the hall. Walk through the first door to the right of the corner, between the two pictures. Stop in front of the circular stairs.
Turn left and walk down the hall through the double doors. Stand near the large brown chair.
next to the switch and the door
from kitchen go down steps into living room and walk through glass door to balcony. Stop at chairs.
Go to the right passed the pool table and to the stairs on the left. Go down the stairs and stop.
Walk to the left of the bed into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway.
Turn left and walk towards the work table straight ahead to the left of the cabinets. Stop when you reach the table.
Exit the bathroom. Go straight until you enter a bedroom. Wait near the entrance.
Walk out of the theater and take a left. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Go up the stairs then turn right into the hallway then turn left on the first door and stop by the sink.
Turn around and walk across the hallway keeping to the left. Enter the bathroom and wait by the first stall to your right.
Walk toward the stairs and left past the couch. Stop just outside on the patio.
Head through the space between the island on your left and the oven on your right and continue straight to exit the room, passing the stove on your right. After exiting to the outdoors, turn left and reenter the building through the door on your left. Walk over to the left side of the bed and enter the bathroom towards your left.
Exit the bathroom to the bedroom.Turn left and go out the bedroom using the door on the left. Turn left. Turn right into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn slightly right to continue going down the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. wait at the entrance.
on the left of this hall.
Go down the hallway, past the staircase and the balcony. Stop in the doorway at the far end which leads into the master suite.
Walk over the welcome mat, through the sliding glass door. Walk past the white couches and continue to walk past the staircase. Wait at the doorway with the welcome mat.
Walk through through doorway right of the mirror. Turn right and walk towards the door. Wait there.
Go past the big chairs and up the short staircase. Go into the room and turn hard left. Go into the bathroom and stop.
Walk into the bedroom area. Walk passed the bed to the glass door into the next room. Walk towards the couches in the room and walk down the set of stairs. Continue walking towards the passed the couches towards the open door to outside.
Go up the stairs and into the foyer. In the foyer walk forward, and out of the door and onto the patio. Stop on the patio nest to the doors.
Go slightly left and go up the stairs on the left. Stop at the third step to the top.
Go straight down the path towards the doorway.  Enter the doorway and wait.
next to the glass door, next to the stairs
Facing the table go left and the right around the table and go through the archway, turn right, at the intersection take a right and then go into the archway toward the sink and stop.
hung on the wall, above the closestool
The door is located in the small bedroom.
The fan is set in front of a stone pillar and next to some green books.
Exit the room and turn right. Go down the stairs and wait there by the bed.
Walk into the hallway and to the pool.
The chair is in a corridor with a stair.
Exit the room and enter the kitchen. Continue on a straight path and enter the next room. Head towards the front entry and stop in the center of the area in front of the front door.
next to a bottle and a door, above a television
Exit the room then turn right and pass the two brown chairs then go up the steps and wait near the yellow and blue painting on the right wall.
Walk to the bedroom door, and exit the bedroom. Face the dining table and the backs of the couches.
Walk away from the couch toward the white table.  Continue to walk straight past the outdoor shower and stop at the top of the stairs.
Head upstairs and turn sharp left. Walk through the landing to the door on the left. Wait in the laundry room.
Walk across bedroom to door on the left. Stop in hallway with bathroom to your right.
Turn 180 degrees and walk straight towards the EXIT sign.
Turn left and exit out the door. Walk all the way across the room to the other side. When you reach the windows on the other side, turn left and stop right before you reach the door to exit.
Leave the bathroom and bedroom. Take the first left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Go around the table and stand by the radiator.
The lamp is set on a beige drawer and near two small beige sofas.
Go into the room filled with lounge chairs and then go through the big archway, take a right into another archway, take a step into the room and wait.
Turn around and exit the bedroom. Walk past the stairs that go up and walk down the stairs that go down.  Stand on the first stair.
Walk out of the bathroom and take a right. In the kitchen take your first right and go down two stairs. Stop on the second stair.
Walk past the table and then turn right. Go straight until you pass the table and wait there.
Turn left and walk through the doorway to the left of the mirror. Wait in the doorway on the right.
next to the big sofa and behind the swimming pool
between two shelves, near a printer and a box
Turn left and exit the shower. Turn left past the bathtub and stop.
The sink is put on the washing table in a small bathroom ,which is installed under a tap ,close to the small mirror.
Turn left and to towards the kitchen, turn left at the kitchen and go until you are right before the yellow couch by the picture on your right.
Walk along the walkway and into the building Walk past the shelf and to the right. Walk down the stairs and stop.
under a bottle, next to a gas stove
Make a sharp turn left around the bed and into the bathroom and stop.
Walk forward into the kitchen and take a left. Walk through the kitchen. Stop next to the fireplace in the living room.
walk away from the carpet down the hallway, turn right after wood wall, continue straight, turn left and stop at the top of the staircase.
With the window behind you, walk straight and past the stairs into the dining area.  Turn right at the small gold table with a magazine on it and walk past the dining table.  Stop after passing the dining table and are near the column in the corner of the deck area.
Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom. Walk towards the door to the hallway. Stand in the bedroom doorway.
Turn right and exit the bathroom. Turn left and walk towards the bed. Turn left again and wait by the kitchen sink.
The stove is located in the bright kitchen.
Walk past the sink and into the hallway.  Turn left and walk into the first bedroom.  Go to the right side of the bed and stop in front of the nightstand on the corner of the carpet.
Take a right past the pillar. Go down the hall and enter the office. Stop at the end of the desk in the office.
Turn around and exit the bathroom into the sitting area. Once in the sitting area, turn left and enter the dining room. Once in the dining room turn left and walk alongside the table. At the end, walk straight into the doorway to the kitchen and stop.
Walk towards the counter. Turn left, walk past the doorway. Turn right walk across the room past the table. Walk through both sets of pillars out the door. Wait outside the house.
The toilet is in a bathroom.
Head outside to the rail and take a left, keep going until you see sliding doors on the right, and then go through the doorway and stop.
The painting is on the opposite side of a corridor and a art studio.
Go out the door behind the red chair. Go into the brown office room. Go into the bedroom. Go in front of the bathroom door.
Go right at the wall of picture. Take the next right into the bedroom. Enter the kitchen straight ahead, and stop in front of the sink.
opposite to a white wall, hung on the wall
The vase is near a kitchen.
Walk down the stairs and head left down the hallway toward the bedroom. Stop by the thermostat outside the bedroom and wait.
Exit wine cellar to stairs, go up stairs. At the top of the stairs turn left and go into the room with a small table and chairs. Stop at table and chairs.
Go straight down the hallway, pass the closet and exit the hallway. Continue straight and go into the door on the left side. Wait near the bed.
The table is surrounded by eight brown chairs and under a vase.
The refrigerator is set next to two sofas and a white and brown lamp.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. At the end of the hall turn right and enter the bedroom. Enter the closet on the left. Wait in the middle of the closet.
Turn around and walk up the stairs. Enter the living room on your right. Wait by the coffee table.
Turn left and pass the light blue chairs with the fireplace. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Back out of the room slightly and turn to the right to walk down the hall. Continue to walk straight past the stairs and straight ahead into the bathroom. Walk through the room with the sink and into the room with the tub. Stop on the small black bath mat.
Leave the white room with the buttons on the left side and turn left in the hallway.  Walk straight until you see a circle floor decoration on the left.  Step on the circle and then stop.
Go through the open door.  Face through the door, pass through the room by going striaght ahead and stop just past the door on the opposite side.
Walk past the picture of the leopard on the wall and turn left. Wait at the entrance to the walk in closet.
There is a swimming pool beside the villa.
Go straight across the hall until you get to the elevators and stop in front of the middle elevator.
Walk along the counter and out of the kitchen door.  Walk into the dining room, and keep going until you get to the room divider.
Turn left and walk to the stairs. Go up stairs. Turn right and go down the stairs and into the hallway. Stop just before stairs on the left.
Turn left and exit the bedroom. Walk forward and stand next to the large handing piece of artwork.
Walk forward pas the dining table, and living room. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop once you pass the door.
Exit dressing room to lobby on the left. Walk across lobby to a room with five candles on your right. Stop at candles.
Walk up the stairs and turn right.  Then walk into the kitchen. Stand next to the hand rail in the kitchen.
Walk straight ahead into the bedroom. Turn right and then turn left after you pass the sofa on the floor. Walk straight ahead, past the bed. Take one step up into the bathroom. Wait next to the bathtub.
Turn and walk down the stairs. At the bottom, turn left and walk until you reach the bench.  Enter the hallway to the left of the bench and go to the last door on the left. Enter the door and stop.
Turn around and walk towards the kitchen. Take a left at the refrigerator and wait in the bathroom next to the sink.
Walk out of the closet into the kitchen. Walk along the counter and past the dining room table and chairs. Walk into the living room area. Stop between the couch and the table.
Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the stairs and turn right. Stop in the entryway.
The printer is in an office containing numerous drink and snacks.
Go right and continue down the hall until you see a small statue on your left. Wait there.
turn around and go through the door to your left. Walk left past the dinning table and stop behind the black chair.
The coffee maker is set in the bright kitchen.
The flower is in the living room.
With the sinks to your left, move forward towards the stairs and climb them. Stop once you reach the top of the stairs.
The chair is in the study.
Go down the stairs and take a left. Enter the dining room through the door on our left. Walk to the kitchen and stop on the white tile in front of the refrigerator.
Exit the room, make a left and go through the black archway, take a left and stop near the sink.
Walk slightly to the right before making a sharper right turn and then an extremely sharp right turn, making your way around the pool and stopping near the furthest window.
Walk through the kitchen, wait at the potted plant.
Turn around and walk along the bed to the other side and enter the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Walk along the patio area past the wicker chair and potted plants. Walk in through the open door with a single hanging wall lamp and windows on either side. Continue into the interior of the home walking through the large room past the chairs around the coffee table. Continue towards the leather arm chairs in the far corner of the room.
The office is along the corridor and opposite to a big empty office and is close to the junction of three corridor.
Go to the door Go to the bed Go to the desk Go to the single painting Go to the closet Go to the sink.
Go out of the closet into the bedroom, exit the bedroom, make a right, go into the entrance to the bedroom and wait.
The corridor is bright and narrow with the wooden rail.
Turn around and walk to the other side of the sitting room behind you. Exit out the door to your left. Once out, turn right and walk towards the steps. At the steps, turn right and enter the office. Stop when you get between the 2 desks.
Go into the dining room. Go past the table and into the room with black tile floor. Stand in the room next to the door.
Turn around and walk past the sink and take a right. Walk past the dishwasher and wait at the end of the counters and in front of the cupboards.
Walk down the hallway and stop in the sitting room, near the easy chair.
Walk forward and turn left at the first visible corner. Walk inside, and turn right towards the closet. Stop in front of all the handbags.
walk up stairs, turn slight right and walk down hallway, walk passed laundry room, turn right into bedroom with elliptical machine. Stop at elliptical machine.
Walk forward until you pass the drain in the floor. Continue forward between the two chairs and enter the sliding glass door. Enter the bedroom. While walking forward pass between the chair and the corner of the bed. Go forward then wait in the doorway right past the brown paneling.
Walk past the refrigerator and stop on the rug by the beanbag chair.
Walk down the hall and into the bedroom. Turn right and walk past the chest of drawers. Turn right and stop in the bathroom doorway.
Cross the walkway and go tot he top of the stairs.  Walk down the first three stairs and stop.
The lamp is near a white bed, on a bedside table and near a white cabinet.
Walk forward, around the pool table on the right. Enter the bedroom that is the last door on your right. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Exit the room and to left pass the bench on the left and when you see the fireplace turn left head toward the round table when you get to the table turn right in that hallway. Wait there by the drinking fountain.
Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk through the bedroom and make a hard right and walk up the stairs. Wait on the rug next to the book shelves.
Leave the living room walking into the dining/library. In he library take a left and walk out into the hall. Take a right in the hall and straight and take the last right, then a left. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
The door handle is close to the toilet and bedroom.
Leave the room and take a right. Go up the first few stairs and stop in the hallway outside the fitness room.
The bathtub is settled near a white towel and a table with two white sinks.
Walk straight towards the laundry room, turn right, walk through the doorway, turn left, and enter the dining room.
Continue up the steps. At the top, turn around and walk along the railing. At the end of the railing, stop to the table with grey chairs.
Walk past pair of wall mirrors. Walk into casual dining room. Walk past maroon pitcher. Walk past stove. Wait at formal dining room door.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk past the stairs. Turn right and walk into the ktichen area. Stop between the kitchen island and the gray rug.
Go into the laundry room and stop next to the sink.
It located in the corridor.
Walk past the steps into the hallway. Turn right into the dining room. Stop on the black and white striped rug.
Walk past the stairs in front of you. Keep going down the hallway and turn into the last door on the left. Stop when you reach the doorway and see another hallway.
Exit the bedroom and go straight down the hall. Wait in front of the office on the right.
The washbasin is in a man washroom and there is another same washbasin on its right.
exit bedroom down hall, turn right at first door, stop in doorway.
Go up the stairs, go through the room to the right of the desks and turn right into the hallway and then stop.
Enter the room and head straight until you get to a doorway straight ahead go through the door and wait by the door on you right.
Move past the dining table with the black chairs. Go to the door to the left of the staircase. Stop in front of the door.
Turn around and exit the door to the right of the fire extinguisher. Walk forward and enter the next room. Walk over to the small table and stop behind the first stool you reach.
Go straight by the garden and passed the table.  Turn left and enter into the doorway.
Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom, enter the hallway, enter the bedroom on the right, wait at the bed.
Leave the bedroom, walk down the hall and wait inside the laundry room.
The vase is in a white and small bashroom.
Walk inside into the bedroom and turn right.  Walk past the foot of the bed and enter the bathroom on the right.  Enter the bathroom and stop in front of the sink and mirror.
The living room has a tall shelf with some photos and another small shelf with a printer and a box.
Walk to the far end of the sitting room and wait in the entryway.
The cabinet is near a bathroom.
Take a left through the closet door, continue on, exit the bedroom, take a left around the rail, pass the first bedroom and keep going untill you come to the end bedroom on your left, stop right when you enter the doorway.
under a light, next to a column
The corridor is on the second floor and there is a room in the end of the corridor.
Exit the bedroom into the main house, make a hard right at the chair outside and move towards the largest rock behind the shrub, then wait.
Walk past the green bench, to the left side of the bed and exit the room, through the door on the left, stop once you are out of the room.
Enter the building, walk past the shelves and down the steps. Enter the second doorway and wait in the bathroom.
go past the table and into the bed room then turn left and go into the bathroom and stand in front of the sink.
Walk up stairs, stop at the top of the stairs .
Go into the house and up the small flight of four stairs. Walk into the kitchen, and stop next to the first counter.
Go down the stairs nearest you, stopping at the very bottom of the stairs.
Walk to the right of the circular lights. Walk forward straight through the entryway and across the room and stop in front of the bathroom.
Walk inside and turn left at the screen.  Turn left again and walk into the room past the black chair.  Walk through the bedroom at the foot of the beds and stop in front of the TV.
The sofa is in front of the service desk and behind the entrance door.
Leave the bedroom, and take a right. Go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs outside of the bathroom.
on the table, in front of a door
Walk out the door and turn left. Wal down the hall and turn left. Walk down the hall and go through the door on your left.
Walk through the bedroom and into the hallway on the other side. Turn right and walk down the hallway past a picture on the wall of an elephant. Walk into the next open door that leads to a large theater screen and couch area.
The stool is in a bedroom.
Walk through the open door into the office area. Pass in front of the desk in the room and continue through the open double doors into the next room. Walk along the cabinet area with a sink. Walk past the bathroom and through the arched entryway ahead. Turn and walk up the first few steps of the stairwell.
Turn around until you're facing the middle of three arches with a table surrounded by six chairs behind you. Walk through the middle arch until you see a long table with eight chairs on each side and a fireplace further down in the next room to your right. There will be a door leading to the outside on your left. Turn ninety degrees to the right and walk towards the fireplace with the long table towards your left, stopping just before reaching the carpet in front of the fireplace.
Exit the bedroom and turn right to walk through the archway. Then wait in the living room near the fireplace.
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Head past the iron railing and into the bedroom. Wait just inside the bedroom.
The chair is settled in a wide bedroom on the second floor.
walk through doorway in the middle of frosted glass wall, turn right down hallway, turn left at brick wall, stop in front of first doorway on your left.
The reading area is behind the restaurant and by the side of the booth.
The pillow is set in the bedroom.
Walk up the steps and past the chair through the entryway on the left. Turn right in the hallway and stop in front of the chair.
There is a stool and reading lamp beside it.
Behind the towel is a shower room. Right to the towel is a corridor.
Turn around and walk straight. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
next to a same massage bed, in the corner
Go left past the stairs and down the hallway through the first door on the left. Turn left and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall.
Walk through the room and to the right. Walk through the first door on the right and stop.
The laundry basket is in a man washroom.
Walk through the kitchen and outside. Wait on the porch next to the chair.
Walk to the corner diagonal to where you are. Turn right and walk down the hallway and continue forward across the foyer area and go to the doorway in front of you on the right. Stop in the doorway.
There are many posters in the corridor.
Exit the room, turning left after you exit. Once in the hallway, turn right and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk forward with the leather chair on your right and head out of the door right of the bookcase. Turn into the sitting room through the third door on your left. Stop in the doorway.
Walk into the room with the double staircase.  Walk up the stairs on the right and stop where the two staircases connect at the foot of the single staircase.
The television is set on the opposite side of a colorful painting and a big beige sofa.
Walk past the credenza and take a right up the stairs. Go up the full flight of stairs and stop next to the bench in the kitchen.
Exist the room, turn right, turn left, wait in hallway.
Walk to the room at the end of the hallway and go in the room. Turn to the right and stand in front of the shower and wait.
on the wall, facing the curtain
Pass the rocking chairs and go into the open doorway to the washer and dryer, and wait.
Walk up to the table and chairs. Turn left and walk past the table and chairs. Walk past the stairs and stop by the sign.
Go forward and make a left turn at next aisle. Go through the aisle and stop after switch on your right. Wait there.
on the left wall of the washroom;
Walk past the rope line and exit the room through the door on your right.  Turn left and walk down the hall.  Turn right and walk up marble steps.  Wait on the landing.
they are next to a corridor.
go through the alcove and then take a slight left. go past the sofa then stop at the next alcove.
The bathtub near a washing basin and under a window.
Walk through the door to the left of the glowing circles. Continue past the mirror to the large standing cabinet on the right. Turn left and stop in the doorway.
The room is at the end of the corridor,opposite to another empty room and connects to the rest area through a road.
Walk around the chairs towards the projection screen and stop in front of the "Goodfellas" poster.
The hourglass is in a big meeting room with the number 05.
Follow the edge of the spa to the other side of the room, turn left and exit. go straight passed the equipment and chair to a door on the slight right. enter the  bathroom and stop near the sink.
Walk forward in the direction of the piano. Stop on the left of the second to last pillar.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the corridor when up to second floor, in the end of the corridor and next to a bedroom.
Turn around and go behind the sofa. Enter the living room and go straight through the door towards the kitchen and stop.
Walk down the isle of the church stop after the big pillar and the third row of church pews.
The chair is in a bedroom with a blue carpet.
Turn right and walk along the hall past the kitchen area. Walk towards the living room area and wait by the TV on the wall.
there is a small tap installed above the sink ,and a grey towel is hanging close to it
Go upstairs. Turn right and go through the double doors to the room with the exercise machine and bed.
Right above the sink and right under the mirror.
Go inside. Turn right and go past table. Go past cabinet with sink. Stop at hallway.
The mirror is in a bedroom.
Facing the fireplace leave the room through the door on the right of the fireplace. Walk to the stairs, and stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk to the kitchen and wait on the stairs to the left.
The curtain is near a toilet and a corridor.
The switch is set near a painting, near a newspaper and on the opposite side of a door.
The picture is on a wall under the stairs.
The living is next to a washroom and connect with a dining through a corridor.
The lamp is placed near a bigger conference room and next to the hall.
The cabinet is on the right side of a white and yellow bed and next to a beige and brown lamp.
The bookshelf is set beside a sculpture and near a metal stair.
Go down a hallway past the display shelves on one side and the kitchen on the other side. Veer to the right to the open doorway of the bathroom, and wait at the bathroom doorway.
Walk towards fireplace.  Once you reach fireplace, turn left, and enter the hallway with the light colored hardwood.  Continue straight, until you reach a room on the left.  Wait here.
Make left at candelabra floor lamp. Walk past fire extinguisher. Walk up white marble steps. Make right at top of marble stair landing. Wait on second step from bottom.
Exit the shower area. When you get to the corner of the tub turn left. Continue moving forward till you're under the doorway of the bedroom. Stop and wait here.
The stool is placed in the hall.
a hall as a transition from recieption to massage rooms.
Go through the archway, through the large hallway, then make a right after the white table and stop at the black leather seat.
Exit the bathroom then turn right and immediately turn left to continue down the hallway. After you pass the white lamp on the left turn right and wait by the black door straight ahead.
The desk is set close to the wall of the hall.
After you leave the office you need to walk to the doorway of the entryway across the hall. You need to wait inside the entryway.
Leave the bathroom and walk into the bedroom.  Turn right and walk outside the bedroom and stop at the very top of the stairs without going down.
Walk forward and turn right. Step out of the room and into the atrium and turn left. Walk past the couch and table and turn right. Walk up to the second step of the stairs and stop.
Walk forward down the long hall passing he living room. After the living room take a left into the kitchen. Stop next to the breakfast bar.
Walk past the stairs and down the hallway with the framed art on the left.  After going through the door at the end into the bedroom and stop just after entering this room.
Walk into the room and take a left. Walk forward out of the kitchen and heading into the living room. Once you pass the dining table take a right and walk up the stairs. Stop once you are at the top of the stairs.
The wall is close to the toilet and bathroom.
Go past the tub and then go straight into the hallway. Turn right and go straight into the closet. Wait there.
Turn around and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Leave the TV area, and go up the stairs on the right into the kitchen. Stop at the top of the stairs.
This bedroom has a massage bed and decorations which are on the wall.
Go straight passed the sink, and through the door into the bedroom. Turn right into the doorway next to the lamp.
Facing the lockers, leave the locker room through the door on the right. Step into the middle of this room and stop.
The penholder is facing the outside in the study.
Turn to your left. Walk down the hall between the glass doors and the oval metal structure. Turn right at this structure. Walk through the clear doors. Stop at the rock that looks like a turtle's back.
Go  right and turn right at the hallway, take another right and you are in another hallway, keep going and take a right, go to the end bedroom and stop when you through the doorway.
next to the woody doors and below the mirror
walk away from sink through doorway, walk past foot of the bed and stop next to the chair before the archway.
Walk through the doors and past the bed. Stop right before the black stairs.
The telephone is on the left side of a gray and black bed and near a white and brown lamp and a brown and black drawer.
Walk past the sofa until you are next to the stairs, then walk to the small door on the far side of the room and stop.
Stand with the windows on your left and walk the length of the space, through all the rooms.  Stop in front of the white flowers on a small table next to a couch at the end.
hung on the wall and below the picture
Walk inside the room across the stairs. Turn slightly right and walk towards the bathroom and wait by the sink.
Walk out of the kitchen and take a right. Take another right and go outside. Stop once you are off the rug outside.
Go straight and take left upstairs near two wall posters ar e there.
The small office is opposite to a big office full of paper , faces the locker room at a slant,along the road to tea room as well.
in the middle of two sofas, there is a plant on it
The picture is on the wall and above a toilet.
Go and stop in the bathroom doorway.
Exit the bedroom through the door on the right wait in the kitchen on the right.
Go straight then turn left. Pass the bed, the black curtain and the light green couches. Go into the room on the left and wait in the sauna.
the sofa there are four pillows on it and a small table in front
Walk around the bed and out the bedroom. Go down the hallway to the first door on the right. Go into the bedroom and stop in the doorway to the tub and toilet.
beside a calligraphy work of Chinese characters; above a cabinet;
Turn right and walk through the kitchen.  Then turn left and enter the foyer. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
exit through double doors, go down hall and down stairs, stop at bottom of stairs.
Leave the closet and bedroom. In the hall take a right into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Exit the door, turn left and head straight down the hallway. Go right and continue down the hallway, stopping just ahead of the stairwell.
This storage cabinet is in a sauna.
Go past the table and chairs. After you pass the rug turn right into the hallway. Wait there.
Walk out of the closet and into the bathroom then make a left to leave the bathroom. Walk on the right side of the bedroom and leave the room. Make a left in the hall then make a right to go to the stairs. Walk past the steps and wait in the hall on the far left.
The photo is set below a black television, on a beige cabinet and near a green sofa.
The mirror is on the opppsite side of a stair of a corridor.
Go down the stairs and take a left at the couch. Keep going straight from there until you come to two doorways. Enter the one on the left.
There are four chairs with the same material, shape behind them and a brown chair in front of them.
The closestool is near a roll of paper and under a picture.
Go straight down the hallway until you get to a small wine fridge on the right. Wait there.
Go through the kitchen. Pass the stove and turn right and pass the oven . Wait by the brown couches.
The towel hangs under another blue towel. The towel hangs left to another blue towel.
Go straight then go past the couches and turn left. Stand by the large table with the chairs.
Go up the stairs into the kitchen and take a left to continue up the stairs. Take a right and to up the very top of the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Exit the house Turn right. Walk straight then turn right. Go past the fountain and wait near the first bush in the pot on the left.
The curtain is close to the living room and bathroom.
Turn right to leave room. Walk past the stairs. Turn left down the hall. Turn at the doorway just past the statuette on the right. Stop on the closest corner of the black and white rug.
Go straight down the hallway, turn right at the fork and then continue in to the room. Turn right into the living room and stop by the lamps.
Walk past the jacket hanging on the chair to the left. Exit the office, and make a right. Make a right opposite the exit sign hanging from the ceiling on the left. Wait in the threshold of the open door.
The chair is in a living room.
The box is settled in the corner of a table in a study.
Turn around and walk across the room and exit out the door to the far right. Walk down the hallway and stop in the doorway of the 2nd door on your right.
The area has a door and connects with a gymnasium.
Turn right and go out of the hallway into a room with couches. When you get to the couches turn left and walk toward the round table. Stop near the round table.
Exit the laundry room, turn left and go down the hallway and stop near the counter.
Turn around and move down the hall past the tables. Turn right and wait in front of the water fountain.
Leave the room and enter the bigger room with the mosaic on the floor.  Go to the door of the first room on the left and stop in the doorway.
Go down the steps then turn left. Go straight past the round table and chairs. Wait near the bar and stools on the right.
Walk past the fireplace and exit the room through the doorway on the right. Immediately turn left, walk through the hallway, turn right and wait on the stairway landing.
The curtain is next to a bathroom.
Go past the bed and exit the bedroom through the open door. Stand in the doorway and wait.
Walk up one flight of stairs. Turn left Walk down the hallway. Turn right at the last doorway on the right side of the hallway after the pictures on the wall. Walk forward. Turn right in the second doorway on the right into the bedroom. Wait by the closet.
under the big table, in front of the stairs, among four stools and forth from left
Go to the plant of the floor. Go to the staircase. Go up three stairs.
This area is located on the corner of the hall and has a glasses door of the hall.
Walk down the stairs, and stop at the left of the chair right infront of the stairs.
Exit the bedroom into the hall and stop in the room through the first door on the right.
Walk past the couch, out the door, and turn right. Walk down the hall, past the stairs, and continue to the end of the hall. Go into the room at the end of the hall and stop.
Walk onto the wooden floor and go into the living area.  Turn left at the piano and stop immediately after passing the stairs when you are in the entrance to the kitchen.
There is a remote on the table, in front of the sofa
Turn around and walk to the other side of the room. Turn left and then stop in the doorway facing the shower and the sink.
The black board is placed on a brown box  and against a wall.
Walk past the kitchen and stairway, enter the double doors to the left of the hallway. Wait in the sitting room next to the white cabinets.
The table is placed near the hall and the gate.
The drawer is under the table and cabinet.
Walk past the pink and blue patterned arm chair and through the doorway to the right. Turn a hard left and walk into the office and continue to the right past the bookshelves. Turn right through the doorway and then turn a hard left through the second doorway. Wait outside the door to the restroom.
Walk forward on the pathway passing two cactus plants on your right. Continue walking  the path until you reach a door. Enter this door. Continue into the doorway. Take an immediate left when entering the doorway and walk down two low stairs to reach the location.
in the middle of two sofas, there are two vases and two photos on it
Exit through the doorway on the right. Walk down the hall. Turn right and wait in front of the restroom door.
the bedroom has a bathroom,a dressing room and is next to a open-balcony.
The livingroom is next to the kitchen, on the third floor and there is a balcony outside.
Walk through the doors and take a left. Walk straight ahead through the door. Turn left before the fireplace and walk through the door. Wait just inside the room.
Go inside.  Turn left toward the piano. Walk to the right of the piano. Stop next to the sink with the liquor above it.
Walk forward, turn 90 degrees to the left, go down the hall just to the right of the bookcase.  Go through the second doorway on the left (with the double doors) and stop in the doorway.
Go straight and into the door in the middle. Go straight and wait near the round table.
Walk through the kitchen, past the breakfast bar on the left. Make a hard right in front of the wine fridge. Wait at the stone pig on the counter.
Walk towards the round cushion on the floor.  Continue past the billiard table, and and exit through the glass doors ahead.  Wait here.
Go straight past the flag then turn left. Go past the fireplace and then turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Walk across room past glass and wood wall separator and wicker basket. Walk down hall and across mosaic floor. Enter left door on opposite wall. Turn left. Stop inside room in front of massage table.
While facing the animal print sofa, turn left and keep walking straight past the Spiderman statue and off the carpet.  Go through the door to the right of the Pulp Fiction poster.  Stop when there is a door is on your left and a window is on your right.
Walk passed the open double doors. Walk along the patio passing the woven lounge chairs. Walk into the open double doors on the other side of the lounge chairs and into the home.
Move into the hallway with the tall house plant to your left. Move forward and pass the two doors to your left. Turn 45 degrees to the left and pass the grey couch to your left. Move toward the steps and turn left. Ascend two steps and then stop.
Go straight and into the room on the right. Stop next to the light on the left.
beside the toilet, on the edge of the bed
Walk in the house and take a right. Walk down the hall and take your second right into the hallway. Stop outside of the bathroom on your left.
Walk along concrete path towards statues. Stop between table and statues.
Go in between the island and the cabinets. Turn left and stop at door on the right wall.
Walk into the house and past the living room hearing into the kitchen. In the kitchen take the left into the room with the stove and the open window to the patio. Stop in front of the sink.
between two same chandeliers, near a spinning bike
Go straight until you go into the bedroom. Turn left and go into the closet. Wait there.
Exit through the door and turn left. Walk around the round table and head inside the door leading to a bedroom. Stop there.
Head all the way down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, turn right. Go forward to the door at the end of the corridor. Enter the room, and turn left. Wait by the sink area.
Walk through the door ahead of you. Make a right turn at the second doorway. Walk into the utility room.
The vase is in a bedroom.
Turn right and head through the doorway slightly ahead and to the left of you.  Proceed forward through the closet and turn left through the doorway, stopping next to the bathtub.
Walk out of the room and turn right. Go through the middle door on the right. Walk straight and stop at the room with stairs.
The chairs are set  near the corridor via the altar.
Enter the building, turn right and enter the kitchen, stopping at the breakfast bar.
Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right, enter the laundry room and wait by the desk.
The chair is in the outside.
turn around and walk down the hall and then keep going straight down the skinny hallway once you get to a wall take a left and stop in the doorway.
Walk with the family photo on your right. Continue straight into the bathroom. Walk past the bathtub. Stop in the hall between the bathroom and toilet doorways.
Turn around, then turn left. Enter the laundry room and stop by the washer.
Exit the bathroom. Go through the first door on the left and stop.
walk forward then make a right turn and stop at the doorway.
below a wall lamp; beside a door and two white shirts.
Exit the bathroom  and enter the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the closet and exit the bedroom. Turn right and walk to the end of the walkway and wait at the sliding glass door.
Leave the bathroom and go down the green hallway. Take a left at the last door on the left. Stop outside of the bedroom door at the top of the stairs.
walk straight down the hallway. Take a left at the end of the hallway. Wait by the doorway.
Walk through the pantry area and make a slight right and go through the dinning room.  Then walk through the foyer and step into the office area and wait in the doorway.
Walk out of the bedroom into the tiled hallway. Walk through the hall and into the living room area ahead. Walk past the couch area and into the kitchen area with the marbled counters.
Turn around 180 degrees and go into the hallway to the right in front of the kitchen island.  Walk to the end of the hallway and go into the bathroom on the right and stand to the right of the sink.
Go up the steps into the room with the hanging light. Turn right and enter the doorway into the hall.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Continue forward passed the wooden table on the right until you reach the sofa, when you're even with the sofa stop and wait here.
Go down the hallway to the right and stop once you reach the doorway at the end.
Walk past folding chairs to building. Walk behind black bench. Wait at threshold of open french doors.
the white big cabinet is placed oppositethe glass door is close to white curtains
Exit the room and turn right. Keep walking across the room and hallway and wait in middle of the hallway between two door entrances.
The area is connected with a kitchen and the cabinet faces a bigger cabinet.
near the decorations, near a treadmill
Walk out on the patio towards the jacuzzi.  Turn right and head inside, walking past the curved couch. Walk towards the theater room.  Stop at the doorway.
Turn right and walk out the door. Once out turn left and walk all the way down the hallway. At the end, turn right and then enter the first doorway on your right. Walk forward and stop in the next doorway.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right. Walk straight past the couch on the right. Turn left in the hallway and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Walk across the room and towards the revolving door. Wait in the hallway, to the right of the reception desk.
Walk forward and out the door. Turn left once outside the door and take a couple of steps forward and enter the door to your left. Once in the door got to the right of the partition and face the corner where the lockers meet the wall.
Walk out of the door. Make a right out of the next set of doors. Walk into the next set of doors on a slight left Walk through the doors past the elliptical machine on the left, and into the next room.
Walk left past the railing and stop in front of the mirror.
Move through the room with the marble staircase to your left. Move through the doorway located next to the glass vase. Pass across the hallway and stop at the doorway of the room directly across from the first doorway you passed through.
Walk through the bathroom door to the left. Stop and wait in front of the sink.
Take a left around the corner. Walk past the bathroom and take a right. walk down the hallway. Enter the door on the left. walk into the room past the chair, take a left. Walk outside onto the patio and wait there.
There are grey cushions and pillows on the sofa, and a coffee table in front.
Go out the door in front of you across the room. Once in the hallway turn Left. Walk forward and then turn left into the sitting area. Stop in right in front of the fireplace.
Walk down the stairs and turn hard right. Then stop in the doorway on the right.
There is a desk placed close to the doorand a chair is placed next to the desk in bedroom.
on the wall behind the open door;opposite a mirror with a black frame.
Go through the door directly in front of you, take a right and go down the hallway. Stop in front of the garden room.
Leave the media room and veer left. Go behind the couch to the dining room on the left. Stop in the dining room to the left of the first chair at the head of the table.
next to the microwave, face the cupboard by the wall
The painting is set near a green and blue painting and on the opposite side of two white washing machines.
Walk to the right through the columns that look like trees and enter the building. Once inside turn left and head across the room towards the fireplace. Turn to the right side of the fireplace and enter the double wood and glass doors. Stop once in the doorway looking at the sitting area.
Walk down the hallway towards the stair well. At the end of the hallway enter the bedroom on your left. Stop next to the door in the bedroom.
Walk past the sofa and turn left. Walk straight past the sofa and stop in front of the living room shelf.
Walk past the computer desks to the left. Stop at the top of the staircase.
Leave the room through the door leading to the railing.  Turn right and go through the door.  Walk toward the room in the ten o'clock position and stop just before stepping on the yellow rug under the bed.
Go past the bed and exit the bedroom through the six panel door. Continue straight towards the staircase on the far wall. Go up 4 steps and wait there.
Take a left at the couch and go up the stairs. Walk through the kitchen and into the hallway. Stop outside of the door on the right after you exit the kitchen.
Turn around, go through the entrance at the end of the table on the right, stop just in the doorway of the room at the first yellow chair.
Walk towards the golf bags. Make a right towards the garage door. Make a right at the garage door and walk right in front of the door in the corner of the room.
Turn around and go out the door to the left of the bed. Once out the door turn right and enter the door on the right. Enter the closet and stop.
Exiting the men's room, veer right at the water fountain and then veer left to start walking in the direction of a wooden staircase. Pass by the staircase and turn right when the hallway leading to the exit appears on your right. Stop in front of the padded bench to your right.
There is a big bed and bathroom in the bedroom.
Exit the walk in closet and turn left to go down the hallway, passing the bathroom on your left and entering the bedroom at the end of the hallway.
The stool is set on the left side of a meeting room and behind the restaurant.
Turn around and walk along the hallway with book to the left. Wait about 6 feet from the start of the stairs.
Exit the bedroom and wait at the top of the second set of steps in the kitchen.
Turn around and go down the hallway.  Continue down the marbled hallway.  When you get to a room with carpet, a work out room, stop there.  Wait.
The painting is located on the corridor.
on a door, next to a wall
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn left and walk into the bathroom and turn right into the bedroom and stop just inside the door.
next to a massage bed, near a class cabinet
The flowers are in a corridor.
Walk past round table on the right. Make a hard left after the library on the left. Wait in the threshold of the open french doors.
Enter the house and walk past the two orange lounge chairs. Walk down two stairs and stop.
They're near a door.
The pillow is set on a red sofa and at the left of another striped pillow.
Finish going down the stairs then go straight and U turn left. Wait near the couches.
The sofa is located in the spacious bedroom.
Go between two poles and between all the surrounding tables. There is a white couch in the corner of the room. Go to the coffee table in front of the white couch.
Walk down the hallway with the tapestry behind you.  Turn left just after passing the small Christmas tree and enter the bedroom just before the staircase.  Stop in the doorway of this bedroom.
The printer is set at the corner a tea room at the end of the corridor.
TURN RIGHT UNTIL THE STOVE IS ON THE LEFT AND A SINK IS ON THE RIGHT, WALK THOUGH THE KITCHEN TO GET TO A DOORWAY NEXT TO SOME CABINETS, WALK FORWARD UNTIL YOU ARE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE HALLWAY SURROUNDED BY DOORS.
The table is on the top of the three chairs and to the left of the wall.
Move forward through the door and then turn left. Head down the hallway, walk through the into the living room at the end of the hall and stop just inside the room.
Go down the stairs. Make a left and go toward the piano.
Go left to go into the room with crowd control ropes. Walk to the top of the staircase.
The curtain is near a toilet.
From bathroom walk across bedroom to dining room to stairs. Stop at base of stairs.
Walk out of the dining room heading in the direction of the piano.Take a right down the hall to the right of the piano. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom on the left.
Exit the bedroom through the door leading to the corridor. Turn left. Enter the second door on the right. Go toward the bed. Stop there.
Walk to the table in front of you, then take a slight left and wait in between the pool and the doors.
Exit the restroom. Use the door on the right to exit the bedroom. Go across the hall. Turn hard right and wait near the air vent.
The room is kind of crampled and with wooden floors;
Go down the stairs and turn right then go straight until you get to a room with a red comforter then turn right and go into that hallway and turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait by the clear sink.
Turn around, go straight, take a left after the table and stop before the doors.
Walk just to the left and go across the front of the sunning beds and wait by the doorway next to the living room/kitchen area.
Walk through bathroom. Walk through bedroom. Walk through open sliding doors. Wait at grill.
on the shell,on the left of a pink tray and under the display
Walk into the bedroom, and go into the bathroom on the right. Stop in front of the sink.
Mirror in the toilet
Turn around and go down the stairs, towards the door.  Turn to go down the rest of the stairs.  Walk down the stairs.  When you get to the bottom of the stairs, stop and wait there.
Walk through the kitchen towards the living room. Walk around the island and step onto the patio near the two chairs and stop in the patio doorway.
Walk past the foot of the bed out the door into the hallway.  Keep walking straight until you enter a room with a dark round footstool on a white rug in the center of the room.  Stop when you have stepped into this room.
Walk towards the fireplace and turn right. Walk through the double doors.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk down the hallway and turn right. Walk past the fireplace and walk to the right of the glass case. Turn left and stop in the doorway.
This is a very bright balcony.
The stapler is in a big office.
Head down the hallway toward the red door.  Turn right past the copier.  Turn right into the room with red pipe and stop.
turn right past refrigerator.   go to open doorway.  turn right then first left into closet.
The table is in a small office with the number 306.
next to the table, under the chandelier
Exit office, go passed the black table on the left, go into the kitchen area, turn left and go into the dining room, then stop next to the television.
there is a bedroom in front of it
Turn slightly left and walk out of the elevator. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Proceed forward until you reach the entryway area with the stairs. To the right of this entry area is a seating area with a large gold ottoman and brown sofas. Turn into this area and stop while you are standing in front of the ottoman, right before you step foot on the white rug and facing the window.
Go straight toward the tv and pass the couches then turn left and go all the way down the hallway until you get to the garage and stop.
Go through the large double doors and keep going straight, veer left past the stone wall. Continue to the table with four photos above it. Turn right and go straight to the stairs on the left. Enter the room with the large circular mirror. Travel to the fireplace.
walk away from the outside, towards the bar and down the hallway to the left side of the wet bar, Continue straight and step into the garage and stop.
enter hallway, stop at bottom of staircase.
The bed is close to the balcony and the bathroom.
Walk down the hall to the short hallway on the right. Wait at the end, outside the bedroom door.
Exit the empty room and walk slightly left.
Walk down hallway, turn left at exit sign, walk to sink.
Walk into the room with a fireplace and curving stone wall with couches on the opposite walls. Walk passed the tables and chairs in the middle of the room and walk towards the piano on the other side of the room.
Walk past the piano and through the middle archway.  Keep walking straight until you get to double doors on the right leading outside and stop in between the two staircases.
The decorations are in a study.
Go left in the hallway then go up the stairs on the left and wait on the second step.
Turn to the right to walk through doorway marked with #downtown. Walk past folding chairs. Turn left at end of table and walk forward. At next table, turn right and walk forward. Stop at end of second table, in front of table with pink box.
Turn right and walk along the hall. Turn right and cross the doorway. Walk towards the stairs and then towards the sofas. Wait by the white and gold sofa.
With the desk to your right, walk straight a few steps and then turn left and go through the door to the left of the circle shaped lights.  Enter the locker room area and walk straight through until you get to an area with toilet stalls on the left.  Stop in front of the first toilet stall.
Walk past the flag and to the left past the fireplace. Walk by the railing and into the doorway on the right and stop.
Turn to the right and exit out of the office. Take a left and wait by the white chair.
Walk down the wood floored hallway past the open doors and framed photographs on the walls. Continue down the stairwell at the end of the hall down the first few steps.
walk to the base of the stairs, turn left and walk up the stairs, turn left and walk up the second flight of stairs, stop at the top.
on the left of the table, on the carpet, next to the window
Turn right until you face an opening to the dinning room with the kitchen on the left. Walk into the dinning room and along the left hand wall until you reach the door leading into the living room. Walk into the living room near the fireplace on the right.
Exit the room. Turn right and then right again into the room next door. Wait there.
Exit bedroom to hall and turn right. Continue down hall to sitting room and stop next to fireplace.
Walk down the hall and into the first door on the left. Walk past the stairs and into the dining room and stop.
The painting is near a laundry.
the garden is near the balcony which is near a study room
The kitchen is next to a storeroom and there is a cloakroom upstairs.
The salver is settled in the center of the living room.
Go out of the bathroom and turn right. Go past the kitchen and go left and wait by the first column.
The drawer is next to the bed. There is a lamp on the drawer.
Walk into the work area and go straight along the right side. Walk forward toward the stairs. Stop at the edge of the desk across from the red stairs.
Walk down the hall and to the left of the end table. Walk past the brick wall and into the doorway to the left of the dining room and stop.
on the right side of a table with a sink.
Leave the room and walk left down the hallway.  Stop when you enter the big open room.
The sofa is placed in front of the table.
The refrigerator is set in the bright kitchen.
Exit bedroom.turn left down hallway and wait at fireplace.
Turn left and go through the door, turn left and go up the stairs, stop and wait on the landing.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk straight through the kitchen and wait on the second to last stair.
Go up the stairs and take a hard right. Walk to the first door on the right and enter to room. Wait by the door.
back up to a row of deck chairs;
Walk past the stairs and towards the kitchen. Stop at the far end of the kitchen.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and is next to a balcony.
Exit the living room, walk past the dining table, walk past the stairs, enter the sitting room, wait at the white couch.
next to a spinning bike, near a man washroom
The lamp is set on the right side of a green bed and a white telephone.
Enter the bedroom by the door to the left of the large red painting.  Once inside the bedroom, take the first door on the left to step out onto the balcony.  Stop as soon as you're outside.
on the table, next to the Tablet PC
Exit laundry room to the door on the right. Turn left. Before reaching door directly ahead, turn right. Continue forward through archway entering kitchen and living area. Stop there.
Walk into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and straight into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Turn slight right and walk through the hallway door to the bathroom entrance. Stop near the room divider.
Go to your right and then enter the door. Turn right again and follow the wall all the way to the doorway on the far right. Then turn right and stop in the hallway.
walk through the doorway to exit the closet, turn left and continue to the hardwood floor, walk past the staircase and turn left, continue straight past the chair and through the doorway to the bedroom, turn left and stop when you walk into the bathroom.
Go inside and walk around the dining table.  Go through the door on your left walk a few steps, then turn right into the kitchen.  Stop in front of the oven.
Go into the hallway and turn left.  Head past the table, chairs, and couch down to the doorway.  Go into the purple room and stop; outside the bathroom.
The flowerpot is in a vast reading hall.
Walk straight and past the sign and tale a left. Walk down the stairs. Take a right and wait in front of the unicycle.
Walk up the stairs and take a right. Walk through the door a the end of the hall and stop next to the doorway.
Wait on the mat just outside the double doors, past the table and chairs.
The lamp in living room
Finish going up the stairs and stop at that floor then turn right and go into that room. Turn left and head toward the stairs on the left. Go up two steps then stop.
Turn around and walk across the room with the large carpet. Wait by the bench just before the stairs entrance on the left.
Turn around and face the kitchen island. Walk straight. Turn the corner at the end of the island. Walk straight until you reach the middle of the floor by the first white wall.
The gym is between two bashrooms and face a corridor.
The telephone is settled below a painting, near two black screens and a black television.
The carbinet is near a study.
The sofa is at the end of the corridor and in the rest area.
Walk straight and pass the mirror on the right. Turn slightly right and walk toward the grey chair and couches.Walk into the opening that is to the left of the grey couche/chairs.Wait there.
Turn right and exit the kitchen.  Enter the dining room and stand by the table.
Walk straight along the path past the table and chairs and turn left and enter on the first open doors you see.
Turn around and walk all the way down past the dining table. At the other end of the table, turn right and walk towards the small table with 4 chairs in the corner. Stop once you reach the table.
There are glass baffles and stairs behind the chair.
Walk past the sink on the right and into the living room straight ahead. In the living room take a left through the door into the hallway and go straight. In the hall keep going straight and stop with the buffet on the left.
in the pen holder,under the display and on the shell
Walk across the living room and enter the foyer.  Then turn hard left and walk into the kitchen. Stand near the glass hand rail.
next to the bed, mext to the lamp
Walk towards the glass enclosed conference room.  Stand by the black, highback chair next to the desk with the potted plant.
Walk out the door and down the hallway, and continue walking towards the stairs. Stop in front of the all white stairs post.
Exit bedroom to hallway, turn left and walk straight down patio, turn left at dining room, wait at entrance to living room.
The kitchen is next to a small storeroom and there is a cloakroom upstairs.
Go around the front of the stairs, then go past the elevator and through the door.  Stop on the second tile in to the room.
The cabinet is placed next to the toaster below the cabinet near the toilet.
Walk straight down hall into empty office.
Leave the den and take a right. Go up the stairs and stick to the corridor on the right. Go out the front door and stop in the doorway.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hallway and go into the bathroom through the last door on the right. Stop in the bathroom doorway.
Exit the bathroom and walk left down the hallway.  Go in the second doorway on the right after passing by the two chairs.  Stop in the doorway to this room with the blue walls and single bed.
Turn around and exit the room. Turn right and enter the hallway. Walk to the end of the hallway and turn left. Stop beside the large cabinet when you walk in.
Turn around and walk through the hallway between the windows. Walk down the steps and turn slightly right. Walk across the room and enter the middle doorway. Wait there.
Go left down hall and continue to kitchen. Stop between 2 couches.
The master bedroom faces the balcony. Right below the room is the swimming pool
Take a right, and go down the hall. Exit through the door on the left and go outside. Go straight, and stop on the tile once you reach the hot tub.
Walk across living room, turn left in sitting room to TV room. Stop at first white chair.
Enter the bedroom and walk past the bed. Turn left and exit the bedroom. Walk past the pool table and turn left down the hallway. Wait in front of the wall shelf.
It lies at the corner of stairs on the ground floor.
The loudspeaker box is set under a television and near three chairs.
The kitchen is next to the diningroom.
Go up the stairs, into the kitchen, and stop between the window and the kitchen island chair closest to the fridge.
The painting is set near a brown table surrounded by four brown chairs and near a rectangular photo.
Exit the bathroom toward the bedroom. Exit the bedroom using the door on the right.
Exit the bedroom, go straight ahead and then make a quick right to the stairs and wait there.
The area is near the balcony outdoors and behind the restaurant.
Walk away from the line of square tables with chairs. Stop just outside the last doorway on the right.
The desk is close to the balcony and the bedroom.
picture On the wall of the corridor
This corridor connects with a study and is on the first floor.
Turn right and walk straight until you get to the last door on the left. Go into the bathroom and wait near the toilet.
Go through the archway opposite the silver fridge, go passed the television to the left and step near the circle table and stop.
Turn around and walk past the stairs and through the doorway. Take a right and go into the other room that is straight ahead and wait there.
beside the door of the washroom; opposite  a big basket.
Exit the bedroom. Turn right. Walk a little and turn left on the first corner and stop there.
The toilet is next to a warm child-bedroom on the second floor.
Follow the red carpet down the hall, past the fire extinguishers on the floor. Angle slightly left and walk through the double doors ahead and to the left. Follow the red carpet to the end of the ropes and turn right, waiting in the doorway.
Exit the closet and walk across the bedroom. Enter the en suite bathroom and stop in the area outside the door to the toilet.
Walk to the left of the table and out the door. Turn right and walk through the doorway. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Stop just inside the bathroom door.
Pass the large table and head straight into the door ahead. Wait by the statue on the left.
Go up the stairs then turn right. Wait in front of the picture on the wall that has a white frame, white background and blue lines.
The stool is placed near a small conference room and the front desk.
There is a big table and two chairs and ii is on the first floor in the study
Turn right at the door, and walk forward. Keep walking passing the glass table on your right with chairs. Turn left towards the divider, and stop in front of the divider.
next to the cabinet and the mirror
The living room is under a bedroom and is connected with a dining room.
There is a big set of sofa, chairs and tables in the living room.
The cactus is in front of the reception and opposite to the food bar.
Walk out of the locker room door, and into the lobby. Stop half way into the lobby facing the door with the dark curved shape on it and framed art work on either side.
Walk past the oval table, straight into the bedroom with the long striped brown and grey rug.  Wait here.
Go to the long brown table with two chairs. Go to the left side of the bathtub.
The table is placed next to the sofa in the living room.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Turn right and walk through the doorway. Turn left and stop in front of the zebra rug.
the fridge is on the left side of it and wash basin on the right side fo it.
Walk straight ahead and wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
On its right is another same tap, under the mirror
Walk past the couches and wait in the hallway directly in front of the painting and cabinet.
Walk out of the bedroom and take a left. Wait in the doorway of the office.
The desk is placed in the bedroom next to the bed.
The toilet is located at a corner of the bathroom.
Leave the pantry and take a right in front of the stairs. Veer right around the door and head to the far sitting area. Stop next to the cow print ottoman.
Walk around the screens and outside the room.  Once outside, go to the room to the left of the large plants.  Stop after stepping into this room.
Turn left, and enter inside the door towards the living room. Turn left passing the sofa, and keep walking forward passing the glass table as well, and stop in front of the first kitchen counter.
Turn around until you are facing the theater room, about 180 degrees, then head straight until you reach a door on the right. Go through the door, turn left, and go straight until you see stairs on your left. Go down the first flight of stairs.
Walk into the bedroom from the balcony and exit out the door to your right. Make an immediate left down the hallway and wait in the doorway to the first room on your left.
Go straight and then turn right and go down the stairs. Go down nine steps then wait there.
The cabinet is front facing the white bed, and the bedroom is the one which attached with dressing room and bathroom.
The area is next to the kitchen and the garden.
Go check on the bathroom with the marble top sink that is located next to a large open closet.
almost in the middle of two sinks.
The cabinet is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
Exit the closet. Walk towards the red carpet turn left and exit the room. Walk past the bookcase and wait by the small set of stairs.
Head into the kitchen. When you get to the bar and stools/chairs turn left into the hallway and wait there.
Walk along the insulated bare walls towards the window ahead in the next room. Walk through the unfinished room and through the door on the other side of the room that leads to a finished hallway. Walk into the first open door in the hall that leads to a bedroom with photo art on the wall near the entrance of classic black and white scenes.
The bedroom connects with a gymnasium and is in fornt of another bedroom.
Exit the room. Take a left. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Cross the patio and wait at the far end of the steps.
Move up the first set of stairs and turn left. Move down the hallway to the first chair on the left. Turn 45 degrees to the right and move up the set of stairs. Move forward past the round table and into the entry way. Stop at the large countertop with cabinets.
Exit the bathroom. Exit the bedroom. Take the first left in the hall and stop just inside the room with a desk with one black chair one one side and two green chairs on the other side.
Exit the bathroom. Enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom to the door on the left. Take a sharp left. Walk toward door on the left. Enter the bedroom. Wait there.
Continue up the stairs and go straight down the hallway until you arrive at a staircase. Take a slight left and go down the stairs. Stop on the landing at the bottom of the first flight of stairs.
Leave the closet and take a right. Enter the kitchen, and stop.
Walk down the hallway turn to your left and wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the hall past the stairs and turn right. Stop by the kitchen island.
Walk through the kitchen. Turn right around the kitchen island. Exit the kitchen toward the couches. Wait there.
Go straight into big room, turn right towards stairs and go towards stairs, go passed stairs and stop at wooden table.
Walk down the hallway past the two chairs.  At the end of the hallway, walk into the room on the right.  Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Go inside and turn right. Continue straight along the wall until it opens to your left. Stop at that point.
Turn around 180 degrees and walk down the hall past the posters. Go past the first set of doorways and turn right into the room walk toward the double doors that lead outside and wait at the end of the rug.
Turn around and exit out the door to the left of the TV. Once out walk across the room and out the door straight ahead. Go up the stairs and stop on the 2nd step.
Exit the room, make a right in the middle room into the bathroom doorway and wait.
Stand so the painting of the zebras is directly behind you and walk straight down the hallway in front of you.  Keep walking straight and stop when you enter the room with the bed in it.
The bathroom is next to the stairs and six bedrooms on the third floor.
the bedroom is next to a washroom and a corridor
Walk through the double doors just to the right of the fireplace, across the corridor and wait in the doorway to the bridal room.
Take a right into the bathroom and walk straight out of the bathroom. Take a right and wait in that doorway.
at the entrance of the big hall.
Turn around and go across the room past the couches. Enter the doorway to the left of the tall wooden table with 2 chairs. Once inside the room, turn right and walk to the right side of the bed and stop once you reach the different floor in front of the wood door.
Turn left to go through the doors and down the stairs. Go up the other side of the stairs, and go to the first door on your left before stopping.
The kitchen is next to a tiny storeroom and is next to a dining room on the first floor.
Go past the bar and stools and wait just at the edge before you go onto the balcony.
in front of a tray containing some cards and a long table,in the row that close to the locker and in the position closest to two rooms
Walk through the door furthest away from you and take a left. Wait at the top of the white marble stairs.
Turn around and go down the hallway into the kitchen area. Go behind the kitchen island and wait in front of the refrigerator.
The door is near a bedroom and a toilet.
Walk out of the bathroom and make a left in the hallway. Walk past the large mirror towards the staircase. Stop after passing the staircase.
behind a chair, next to the curtain and under the pipeline
Exit the toilet, turn left into the closet, turn left through the closet a little passed the doorway, then wait.
Walk down the stairs and make a slight left to go down the hallway that has the movie posters on the wall. Wait in the doorway of the bedroom at the end of the hall.
The toilet is under the towel and to the right of the pool.
Exit toilet room and take left. Walk passed the shower towards bedroom. Slight right and walk straight to exit bedroom.
The chair is at the corner of a lounge.
Walk through the left door out of the bathroom and turn left. walk into the kitchen and turn right. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and stop in front of the table with the plant.
Exit the bedroom through the hallway door. Proceed through the hallway to its end, then turn left. Enter the room and wait by the bathroom door.
The potted plant is put in the corner of a massage bedroom.
Go up the steps on the left. Go straight past the table and chairs. When you get to the kitchen pass the kitchen and go into the room straight ahead. Continue straight and go into the wine cellar.
This wooden chair is by the window of the study.
There are a big table and two chairs in the center of the study.
Walked forward towards the stars. Entered the narrow hallway. Turned left at first first door. Entered room with blue couch.
Walk straight ahead and pass the whole white counter with the faucet and the chairs. Turn left near the white cabinet that has a pig showpiece on top of it, and stop there.
Facing the glass table, go right through the way, turn right after the oven. Go down the stairs a few steps and stop.
Go forward, turn left, go forward, turn right and go forward to exit the house, wait outside the door.
The bath is located in a gymnasium.
Walk out of the television room and make a left in the hallway. Walk to the top of the stairs.  Walk down one flight of stairs and wait before the second flight of stairs.
Walk past the purple chairs. Wait behind the second silver sculpture.
Facing the large open staircase, go into the room and veer to the right of the staircase, going through the third arched double door opening on the right.
Facing the room marked "management" turn left and go down the hallway, and stop near the circle in the middle of the room.
Walk through the bedroom to the glass door, enter the dining room, wait by the grey rug.
The sofa is located in a spacious balcony.
Walk into the home through the open patio door. Walk along the rug and through the bedroom into the next room passing a desk with mirror. Continue into the hall and turn immediately to walk through an open door that leads outside to a stone walkway near a pool.
The towel is in the bathroom.
walk past the couches in the living room to the hallway.
The drawer is placed in the corner of a big living room next to a window.
Walk straight then turn left. Pass the table and chairs and then pass the wall with holes in it. Go outside using the large glass doors on the right. Wait there.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Stop in front of the bed.
The vase is in the living room.
Go into the garage like structure next to the house across the deck. Stop next to the counter on the left.
Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. In the bedroom leave and go into the hallway. In the hallway take your first right, then another right, and head towards the stairs. Stop by the first pillar at the balcony to the stairs.
Take a left and walk towards the piano. Take a left at the piano and walk up the steps. Walk down the stairs on the left and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk through the kitchen and wait near the stairs, in the bathroom.
Turn to the left and exit the bathroom. Walk towards the stairs and stop on the third stair.
Turn left towards the painting on the wall, and then turn right towards the bedroom near it. Enter the bedroom, and turn right again passing the bed and all the way towards the right corner near the paintings on the wall. Stop there.
Walk past desks. Walk past green floor vase. Wait at white bookshelf.
Walk forward into the living room. Walk straight into the hallway and take a right. Enter the sitting room off the kitchen, on the right and stop next to the white ottoman.
Walk down the hallway with the stairs on your left and continue going straight. Stop in front of the couch.
The kitchen is on the first floor and next to the livingroom.
Below the tap is the pool with some vases and fruit trays to the left and right
beside two billboards;beside a tall cabinet;
Exit the room through the archway to the right of the picture of the sailboat, go straight through the hallway and then stop near the brown framed picture with the sconce next to it.
Turn right and exit the room. Turn left and walk along the hallway with the red carpet. Walk up the stairs and wait there.
Go past the bed and the daybed. Enter the door on the right. Stop at the top of the stairs.
the storage room is in a bedroom which is near a corridor and a living room.
Facing the circle mirror on the wall go left through the double brown doors, make a right and go just passed the roped off area and stop.
Walk next to the pool with the pool on your right.  Make a left to follow the curve of the wall around when you get to the end of the pool.  Stop in front of the metal gate with the closed door on your left.
They lead to a room with two sofas.
Exit sitting room to hall through double doors. Turn slight right and follow hallway straight. At end of hallway turn right and enter next hallway. Stop in hallway.
Walk around the marble table and exit through the double door on the right. Stand in the hallway, just past the doorway and in front of the light on the wall.
The glasses are in a living room.
Turn around and walk down the hallway and out the door at the end, across from the stairs. Once out, turn left and walk across the foyer area to the stairs. Start up the stairs and stop once you get to the 2nd step.
Walk out the door on the right side of the big clock.  Walk straight down the hallway and stop at the top of the stairs.  Turn right at the top of the stairs and walk onto the patio.  Stop in the doorway to the patio.
Proceed to the left of the coffee table and go forward across the rug towards the fireplace.  Turn right once the front of the fireplace is reached and go towards the open sliding glass door and stop.
Walk in front of the bed and through an archway, turn left down a hallway, to a reading nook to the right with a fireplace and wait.
Go past the couch and down the hallway.  Stop right when you get to the kitchen.  Wait there.
The stool is on a corner and near a beautiful carpet.
The stool is placed under the table below the flower between the kitchen and the dining room.
The closestool is in a bathroom.
Walk past the stairs on the left. Walk past the large black plant pot outside. Make a right through the open door on the right. Walk past the closet on the left. Make a right just after the built-in cabinets on the right. Make a right into bathroom. Wait at the shower stall.
Pass the dining area, down the hall, and go up the stairs, all the way until you get 3 stairs from the top.
Turn around to leave the room. Walk down the hall and turn right at the large doorway across from the water fountain. Walk towards the stars. Walk past the stairs to the space on the right. Walk under the stairs. Turn right and stop halfway down the hall.
Exit the closet and continue past all three bathrooms the bathroom. Enter the bedroom. Turn right and enter the office. Turn right and enter the sitting area.
Exit the laundry room. Pass the stair case. Turn right into the landing. Follow the white banister around to the right. Wait there near the top of the stairs.
Walk across the patio into the bedroom. Wait next to the seating area in the bedroom.
Go straight past the couches and the white chair and go out the room using the door on the left. Turn right and go past the table and chairs and head toward the stairs. When you get to the stairs go into the room on the right and wait by the desk.
Exit the office and into the hallway on the left. Turn left and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hallway.
Walk past the television and turn right. Walk around the railing and into the first door on the left. Stop just inside the door.
Go towards the froom labebled spaces and wait just inside the doorway.
Walk to the left down the hallway. Take the second right, then the first left into the bathroom. Stop inside the bathroom doorway.
Walk straight down the hallway. Passed the stairs on the left. Follow the hallway around and stop near the four portraits hanging on the left wall.
Continue down the staircase and straight, turn right at your first doorway and stop once your step into the bedroom.
The washing machine is near a corridor.
The towel is in the kitchen on the first floor.
With the pool to your right, move forward and turn left to enter through the folding glass doors. Continue forward and climb the three wide steps, then turn left and enter the theater room that's just ahead of you.
Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once out turn right and walk towards the chair and turn right again and down the hallway. Enter the double doors on the end and stop once you reach the rug.
walk towards bed, turn right on carpet and walk out door on right, straight past back of couch, turn left at plant, walk on right side on cow patterned seat, stop next to cow patterned stool on your right.
The painting faces the door of the corridor at a slant and along the corridor leading to counter.
The lamp is next to the door of the bedroom and in front of the bed.
Walk to the far side of the bedroom and wait in the closet.
Go into the building through the set of double doors nearest to you, then continue forward and to the left under the stairs. Turn further left and head towards the door leading outdoors and stop in front of the bench before reaching the door.
Two small pictures are installed on the wall ouside the small bathroom, which are opposite the hovel in the corridor.
Go down the stairs and walk towards the main entrance. Step outside of the door and stop on the welcome mat outside of the door.
The chair is in a big simple shared office with the number 363.
Go through the door and turn left. Make a left and then a quick right into the bedroom. Go past the foot of the bed and enter the bathroom and wait just inside the door.
Leave the bathroom and walk right.  Turn right again and go into the sitting room.  Walk around the gold footstool and into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the sink.
Exit the garage by taking the doorway in the wall opposite the overhead doors, between the two cars.  Walk straight and stop when you enter the kitchen, by the microwave.
Look to the left. Walk through the door on the left. Walk down the narrow hallway. Go through the last door on the left.
Exit the office through the double doors and go into the hall. Wait in the bathroom through the second door on the left.
Exit the room. Turn left and then turn left into the room next door. Turn right go straight and pass the sink on the left with the birds. Go into the room straight ahead. Wait at the entrance.
Go down the stairs, at the first landing go to the right and stop.
Walk across the foyer and up the stairs to the top. At the top, turn to the right and stop beside the flower in the wall.
Move forward with the gym equipment to your left and the wall mirror to your right. Pass through the doorway nearest the wall mirror. Turn 45 degrees right and move forward. Stop when you reach the third door to your left and turn left. Pass through the doorway and turn to your right when you pass the bench to your right. Move forward with the bench to your left and the cabinet to your right. Pass through the entryway and stop at the tall wooden cabinet to your left.
Walk past the round table and chairs and go up the stairs on the right.  On the landing, keep going straight rather than going up the rest of the stairs on the right and go into the doorway of the room with a fireplace and chairs in it.  Stop in the doorway of this room.
The study is next to a bedroom and a living room.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk past the table into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop by the wicker chest of drawers.
Exit the laundry room and turn right into the kitchen, turn right again into the dining room. Stop and wait near the dining table.
Exit the bedroom, walk down the stairs to the right of the wine case, wait halfway down the stairs.
Take a hard left turn and walk down the corridor, stopping near the window.
Exit bedroom, move toward swinging doors, and enter bedroom bathroom, Wait at entrance.
Walk past art gallery wall. Wait at top landing of stairs.
Move forward Turn left Walk forward past bed on platform Walk forward past green sofa Stop in doorway.
Locate the stairs. Travel up the stairs to the second landing.
The vase is on a wooden tray with two jars next to it and a pink flower inside
Exit the bedroom. Go to the top of the staircase. Enter the bedroom across from you.
Walk forward passing the TV on the left. Exit out the door, and enter another door straight in front inside a bedroom. Walk forward passing the bed, and turn left towards the bathroom door, and stop there.
The drawer is under the microwave and next to the refrigerator.
Exit the bedroom, walk into the second door on the right, stop in the empty room.
Turn right and go into the large door on the right that leads to the outside. Wait there.
Walk out the door of the room and turn left.  Walk down the corridor past the screen and reception desk on your right.  Keep walking and go through the glass doors.  Stop right as you walk through those doors with the stone planters in front of you and another glass door on your left.
Walk past the stairs and turn right at the second doorway. Wait by the chair.
The study has two laptops on the table and two chairs next to the chairs.
Turn around out of the shower and stand in the open doorway. Make a right and walk to the banister.
Leave the room and go into the room across the hall then wait by the bed in the room.
The stool is near a cabinet and there is the same stool behind of it.
Walk toward steps.  Climb steps.  At the top of steps turn right, and enter the room ahead.  Wait here.
Walk between the columns and past the couch. walk into the building and turn left. Stop just outside the doorway.
Walk toward the sink area. Take a sharp left. Enter the double doors. Walk to the bottom of the stairs. Wait there.
Walk along patio and turn left to steel gate. Stop at gate.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Enter the bathroom on the right and wait there.
Enter the door and turn right passing the wall. Turn right again, and stop at the bathroom entrance door.
Ascend stairs, and stop at landing.
Turn right in the hallway and go ahead up the first set of steps. Turn left, enter the archway and stop.
The livingroom is on the first floor , next to the dining room and next to the kitchen.
Walk forward, keeping the long table to the left. Exit the room via the white door to the left of the stairs. Descend a narrow circular stairwell and wait, facing two windows with circular stained glass in their centers.
Go straight into the hall and down the hall to the right. Turn right around the corner and stop at the top of the stairs.
lamp in the bedroom
With the staircase on your left, walk forward towards the opening on the left side of the opposite wall. Stop once you're in front of the abstract painting on the wall.
Walk up stairs, and turn towards the round table in the center of the room. Make a right. Walk through the archway, to the left of the white pedestal with sink handles and a faucet on top. Make a left just before the hall mirror. Wait at the entrance to the hallway.
The stool is placed under a yellow table and behind an apple computer.
It was directly under a few bowls and two pots.
The living is next to a long corridor on the first floor.
Walk straight into the room and turn right then turn right again and wait by the sink.
Turn left and enter the house. Then turn right and enter the kitchen area.
Head through hallway and toward the stairs.  Go down the stairs and stop on the second landing.
The towel is near a bedroom.
there is a stair in the corner of the study room and a balcony outside the study room
Turn around and walk past the bar. Once you get to the end of the bar turn left. Go past the stairs and once you reach the doors with mirrors, turn left to enter the double wood doors. Once you enter the room, walk to the left and stop in front of the large white closet.
in front of a window with three bushs on it, face the microwave oven
Walk towards the white door on the left and turn left into the kitchen. Walk straight past the  white chairs and past the dining room. Wait at the doorway to the foyer.
Leave the closet and keep walking straight past the counter with the sink.  Turn right after passing the counter and stop just before passing the doorway going outside.
walk towards robe, through doorway, turn right towards bed, turn right and stop in doorway.
Go between the couches and out of the doorway.  You'll see a curved staircase.  You should climb the stairs.  When you get to the top, you should stop and wait.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Then turn hard left and walk down the third stair. Wait on the stairs by the banister.
Walk through the doorway and walk across to the dining room. Enter through the doorway to the kitchen and wait there.
exit the bathroom and go to the stairs in the dining room.
Walk out the door and turn right. Walk up the steps and then turn right and stop in the doorway ahead.
Exit the closet, turn right, head up the stairs,and wait near the book shelf.
Go down the hall, past the bar and outside. Wait on the patio, near the door.
Walk past the houseplant in the yellow pot. Turn right into the first bedroom.  Stop at the edge of the bed.
the living room is next to a open-balcony and a dining room.
Go down the stairs and down the hallway. At the end of the railing turn right towards the stairs. Stop next to the corner of the railing.
With the water fountain directly behind you, enter the room ahead and turn ninety degrees to the left and walk past the wooden staircase on your right. Turn right underneath the staircase and walk down the hallway leading to the exit. Just before reaching the exit, turn right into the room with the sign "Bridal Room" next to the entrance. Go to the right after you enter the room and wait in front to the two chairs that will be on your right.
Head out the door in front of you and down the hallway. Once you reach the stairs on your left, stop at the bottom facing up.
in the middle of two sofas, in front of the livingroom, next to the glass wall
The vase is in the middle of a bright and white living room.
Walk toward the door with the vented bottom and turn left to leave the kitchen. Walk past the trellised wall into a small hallway. Go left into the double bedroom. Arrive between two beds.
Exit the living room left and head toward the balcony. turn slight left to avoid the rug, then turn slight right to exit the house. Stop when you are outside on the balcony looking out.
across to the white wall, next to the closestool
At the top of the stairs take a left and go down the hallway. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop while facing the window on the left edge of the bed.
next to the wall, below the paintings
Go right past the television to the door on your right and onto the hallway for the outside terrace.
Exit through the door next to the light switches. Turn left in the hall. Stand on the elevated section just before the stairs begin and stop there.
With the round table on your right and the serving table in the white table cloth on your left walk forward pass the coat room and the stair on your right and take a right into the hall way stopping in front of the black leather bench.
Walk out of the bathroom door, and turn right into the living room.  Walk towards the tree statue and wait in front of the door leading outside.
Go into the hall, up the steps and wait by the piano.
This chair is on a dining room.
The cabinet is settled in a bedroom against a wall.
The area is next to the staircase and the corridors and on the second floor.
The bench is under the pillow and near the stairs.
Leave the bedroom and go down the hall. Walk to the end of the hall and enter the empty bedroom at the end. Stop inside the doorway.
walk down the stairs. Stop at the end of the first black railing on your left.
The chair is set in the corner of the livingroom.
Travel straight through the large ornate room and through the double door with the golden wreath located on it and continue on until you see a large crystal chandelier.
The sink is in the kitchen on the first floor.
Move forward into the kitchen until you reach the cabinets directly past the oven.  Turn left and move through the space between the kitchen island an the counter.  Turn left and move to toward the open doorway.  Stop once you are on the welcome mat outside of the doorway.
Walk down the hallway and into the garage. Wait by the bench.
Walk from the stairs to the work space directly ahead. Pass the conference room and the bookcase on the right. Wait by the wooden tables.
Walk forward, passed the foot of both beds.  Enter the hallway, when you can't go forward anymore, turn 90 degrees to the right and walk forward until you enter the kitchen.  Stop just inside the kitchen.
Exit the room through the door marked "04" in a black hexagon, and then make a left.  Walk through the doorway in front of you and then stop.  You will see a couch and two chairs on a rug in to your left.
The picture is in front of a window and next to two wooden doors.
on a woody table, next to a desk lamp, in front of a white chair
Leave the pantry through the door on the left. Walk into the dining room and take a right. Walk to the door to the outside and stop with stairs on either side of you.
Exit room, go down hallway and stop at the stairs.
The cap is placed on some books,on a yellow table surrounded by three  chairs.
Leave the sitting area and go past the right side of the dining room table past the credenza filled with knick-knacks. Stop and wait in the archway to your right under the wooden mask.
Walk out the double doors into the large open room. Go straight across the room and enter the doorway straight across. Once you enter the next room, stop when you reach the rug.
The room is nearly at the end of a corridor and faces the stairs of exit at a slant.
Exit the room and walk straight into the room across. Pass the bed and go into the second room on the left. Wait near the white bench on the right.
walk towards the round table, walk past the table to the front door, exit the home and walk to the right side of the chairs. Walk past the dog statue and stop at the first window.
Turn left and go down the hallway.  You'll go to just the top of the stairs and then you should stop.
Walk past the bed and through the open door, turning slightly right and stopping once you see the two large windows.
Walk straight out of the utility room. Walk into the second door on your left. Stop by the corner of the sink.
The stool is under a yellow table with black stools on either side.
Walk past the rocking chairs and go through the doorway on the right. Turn right, walk past the wash and dryer, and wait.
Turn left and go passed the table. At the end of the long table, pass the bathtub and cross into the room. Stop next to the stairs.
Go to the footstool Go on the rug Go between the tables Go on the second stair.
The sink is located in the washroom.
Go do the marle hallway to the right of the large bookshelves. Turn left at the vending machines and stop when you see the small open closet area with drawers to the left.
Go straight and pass the pool on the right. Go into the glass sliding doors and wait there near the round table.
Go into the fourth door from the right. Wait at the entrance.
Walk into the doorway and turn left. Walk down the steps and walk left around the corner. Turn left and walk up the second step and stop.
Turn around and walk through the front door. Stop just inside the door.
Enter the open space, then go through the door on the right.  Wait just past the black doormat.
Walk inside and go left down the hallway.  Walk into the room at the end with the globe in it and turn left after entering the room.  Walk into the bathroom and stop in front of the sink and mirror.
Walk straight across the room alongside the long table and exit out the wood door. Once out, turn left and enter the double wood doors and stop.
Turn hard right and walk towards the balcony area. Walk across and under the balcony. Enter the doorway left of the stairs. Wait there.
The kitchen is on the third floor, facing the stairs, next to the livingroom and dining room.
Exit the bathroom into the hall. Start up the stairs on the left. Stop about five steps up.
Exit the room and stop near the piano.
The lamp faces the door of the corridor at a slant and along the corridor leading to counter.
leave the room and go two doors to the right.
Go down the hallway with all the arches. At the end of the hall way go left and then take a right towards the couch. Go right and through the arch to the right of the couch. Wait there in front of the desk.
above the shell,on the wall and behind the desk
The cabinet is placed in front of a mirror and near a brown box.
Go down stairs to vase, turn left, go down stairs to kitchen. Stop at oven.
Take a right walk straight through the bedroom and stand in the bathroom doorway.
Walk around the dining table and up the steps, to the right, into the living room. Stop near the black end table.
The stool is placed next to the gate and a conference room.
Turn to your right and walk through the door. Keep walking straight and stop in front of the lockers.
Go outside and stand next to the black left chair.
Walk out of the room to the left of the television. walk straight in the kitchen and take a right into the dining room. In the dining room take a left, walk straight, and stop in the doorway.
Walk out of the bathroom into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a left and go out of the door to the patio. Stop on the patio once you are just outside of the doorway.
Exit the bathroom and go up the steps. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn left to walk between the tables. Proceed past the last tables and wait by center of the partitions.
Take a left after the dresser and walk out of the room. Wait in the hallway just outside the room.
exit the bathroom then turn right, walk forward and stop at the cabinets in the kitchen.
Walk through the front door to the house. Make a left through the door and walk down the hall and turn the corner. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Walk passed the two large beds and into the bathroom, stopping near the sink.
Exit the office and stop in the bathroom, on the right.
Exit bathroom area into bedroom area, make a left, then make a right into closet area, and wait.
Turn around and go down the hallway. Stop at the door.
Walk straight down the hallway, go into the bedroom on the right, and stop by the first chair.
Leave the bathroom, and go right. Take a right and head past the wine room. Stop once you are past the wine room.
The chair is set between two paintings, near a brown and black drawer and a lamp and opposite to a gray and black bed.
The bike is placed against a wall and next to a yellow chair.
got through door, enter bedroom straight ahead.
Enter the recreation room and go straight. Take a right at the hall, and enter the bathroom through the first right. Stop in front of the sink.
The dustbin is on the left side of two stools,on the right of the desk and under the document holder.
The cactus is in the lobby.
Exit office, turn left at stairs, walk to table with jade statue, wait here.
Walk up the set of stairs to the left. Go forward through the hallway and wait at the top of the stairs to the left.
Walk forward to the end of the hallway and turn left. Walk down alongside the railing until it stops. Then turn and walk down the stairs. Stop once you get to the 3rd step.
Turn left and go straight past the stairs. Continue down the hallway and go into the last door on the right. Wait at the entrance.
Step forward towards the same closet door.  Step through the doorway and enter the laundry room then turn to your right. Proceed forward and enter the small hallway and then turn to your left.  Step for into the kitchen.
Turn hard right and walk toward the stained glass doors. Pass the stairs to proceed down the hall to the balcony. Wait by the railing.
Go downstairs until there's a few stairs left to go and stop.
under the television, next to some photos
The table is placed next to the hall and near a reading room.
on the desk between the document holder and a white machine,in front of a white board and behind a keyboard
on the table which is in the middle of two sofas, behind the photo
walk away from three lounge chairs, down long hallway, walk past wicker baskets on right, past double doorway on right and stop.
Exit the bathroom and go through the door opening across the hall, then turn right and head to the top of the stairs on your right. Take two steps down the stairs.
Exit the room. Walk across the hallway. Turn slightly right and walk across the kitchen towards the sofas. Turn left and walkthrough doorway just right of the portraits of a family.
Walk up the stairs to the top.  Enter the doorway of the room on the left and stop.
The area is in a corner which is next to the living room.
Turn left and go straight until you pass the bar with the chair stools and wait near the round table with the chairs.
The chair is in a small office.
next to a trashcan, next to a hair dryer
Exit eating area, walk forward, stop in center of the three door openings.
Make a left out of the doorway and walk behind the table and chairs, with the table on your right. Then walk around the sitting area in front of you to the doorway on the right. Make a right turn and walk toward the doorway at the end. Wait there.
Go into the hallway turn left and head toward the the two doorways.  Turn right into the kitchen.  Turn right and stop next the the stove.
The kitchen is next to a small storeroom and there is a cloakroom upstairs
Walk forward. Left through doorway before stairs. Turn right to walk up stairs. Stop at top of stairs.
Exit bedrooms.Go straight down hallway. Turn left and stop and the top of the stairs.
Leave the bedroom through the door at the foot of the bed to the right.  In the hallway, turn right in front of the windows and walk up the stairs.  At the top of the stairs, walk through the doorway on the right.  Walk towards the glass table and stop when you step on the carpet.
Exit the bathroom using the door on the left. Exit the room sing the door on the left. Then turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
About face and stop at the end of the corridor.
Move down the hallway and turn right into another hallway. Move forward and turn right at the second door. Enter the bedroom and stop at the foot of the bed.
The drawer is on the opposite side of a white toilet and near a white sink.
Walk past the laundry room into the bedroom. Turn left and stop in the hallway.
go across deck through pass way and up stairs. Stop next to the first rocking chair.
The resturant is opposite to the service counter and near the corridor to the meeting room.
Walk forward and turn right at the first intersection.  Then proceed down the hallway. Then turn left and stand on the first few stairs of  the main stair case.
There is a cabinet above. There is a toaster besides.
Turn around and walk through the living room. Then turn right and walk past the kitchen. Stand near the sofa.
Leave the laundry room and go left. Take a right and go down the hallway. Take the second right into the bedroom. Stop at the foot of the bed.
With the Christmas tree to your right, walk towards the red chair and into the dining room.  Walk down the length of the dining room and into the kitchen at the other end of the table.  Stop just after stepping into the kitchen.
Exit the massage room and walk to the hallway on the left. Walk to the end of the hallway and to the other side of the room. Wait in the men's locker area by the mirrors.
Go down the stairs and then after take a slight left and go into the kitchen then stop.
next to stairs, in the corner
With the refrigerator behind you, walk into the room next to the kitchen and stop near the door on the right near the table and chairs with a horse statue on it.
Walk through the kitchen. turn left, and stop at the large gray sofa.
Walk around the blue sectional sofa, towards the stairs. Wait on the first step.
Walk straight ahead across the room past the fireplace. Once you pass the fireplace, Turn right and stop in the doorway of the double wood doors.
The balcony is on the third floor, next to the dining room and outside the livingroom.
The sink faces several shower rooms.
face outside, turn right walk past couch and dining room table, stop right after you pass dining room table on your right and before you make it to kitchen bar stools.
Go left between the piano and the wall, turn left, and go to the door straight ahead.
Turn right and exit the bathroom.  Then turn right and walk down the hall until you enter the next room. Wait next to the cabinet.
Walk down the patio area alongside the pool between the set of chairs poolside. Go around the set of chairs and walk through the arched entrance and up the small set of steps towards the couch area.
Move forward towards the steps. go up the stairs and go right to the end of the hall. Wait just inside the last door on the left.
Walk past table, turn right, and exit room. Turn left and go through doorway. Stop in front of chairs.
Turn around and enter the dining room. Than turn right and enter the patio area.  Wait next to the chair.
Walk forward down the porch. Stop in front of the main entrance.
Walk down the long hallway towards the square tapestry on the wall.  Turn right and walk through the open door that says "Sunset Room."  Take a few steps into the room and stop on the carpet that is next to the bed and the white nightstand with a clock radio on it.
Walk up the stairs and left down the hall. Walk into the room at the end of the hall and turn left. Walk into the closet and stop.
The desk is set on a red quadrate carpet with white flowers and yellow flowers, near a red bed and a red sofa with a white blanket on it.
Walk down hallway towards red exit sign on left. Turn left. Stop in front of open conference room door.
Head straight down hallway past two brown chairs. Wait in middle of hallway in front of entryway to blue room.
Enter the bedroom and wait by the fireplace.
Exit the little hall into the main room and stand at the end of the room divider.
Walk through the bathroom door. Walk through the foyer and go into the room to the right of the three panel artwork. Step into the room near the massage chair.
Leave the dining room, and go right. Go through the last door on the right. Take a right and enter the bathroom. Stop in the doorway.
walk through doorway away from bed, first right, walk straight, take first left and stop in doorway on left.
Walk out of the bathroom and into the bedroom then make a left. Walk out of the bedroom and wait right outside the door.
Go into the hall and turn left. Turn left down the next hall. Go into the first doorway on the left.
Leave sauna and move forward across room turning slight right to doorway. turn slight right to hallway and move forward through double doors and stop just passed the stairs by the counter.
go forward down walkway, continue walking straight. keep walking straight past open door.  Move to next door and stop.
walk through glass doorway straight, turn right at the circular dress and walk through the wood doorway and stop.
The desk is in front of a tall mirror with yellow and white border and near a red round leather chair, and it has a glass box containing a sword, two crowns and a staff.
Exit through the door to the right and walk down the hallway. Follow the hallway past both couches, the chairs and bed. Enter the large bathroom and wait by the first sink on the left.
The area is next to a kitchen and across from a fireplace.
Walk out of the kitchen and turn right. Walk past the table and chairs and turn left. Stop behind the white chair.
The piano is under two pictures with golden borders and near a brown wooden door.
Enter the office room and turn right. Walk past the ping pong table and wait near the desk with the white garbage can.
above the TV, next to the French window
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Then enter the doorway on the left and wait near the nightstand.
Walk through the glass doors and go forward. Take a left after the partition. Go down the hall and stop before you enter the open area.
Walk down the hallway and go into the bedroom and wait.
Go passed the glass table to the right, go through the way and step into the archway to the left of the small glass of table and stop.
Walk towards the wide open door that looks into the bedroom.  Looking at the bed, walk forward and turn right when you are on the brown and grey carpet.  Follow that carpet forward until you reach the tall tapestry on the wall in a frame.  Turn to the left and walk through the open brown wooden door.  Take two steps through the door and stop.
The living room is next to another small living room and next to a corridor
Leave the kitchen and take a left. Take the next left and go straight down the hallway. Go into the bathroom through the third door on your right and stop in the doorway.
The box is settled in the corridor on the second floor.
Turn right and walk down the hallway with the carpet. Continue walking past the first doorway. Stop in front of the doorway with double doors.
The table is near a kitchen.
faced with a big table in the center of this room. in the middle of two screens.
The area is next to the corridor and on the second floor.
Walk down the hall passed the reflective cabinet doors. Walk into the bathroom area with long mirrors and lights.
The stool is in the tea room.
The photo is near a bedroom.
Go down the flight of stairs to the living room. Take a right and go into the bedroom. Turn left and wait in front of the sink.
Exit the closet, then exit the bedroom. Move into the laundry room across the hall and stop at the sink.
Go through the entryway to the right and continue passed the couch to the other entryway. Then turn right again and go into the next room stopping in front of the chair.
Rotate body to the left. Walk forwards towards the treadmill, Stop when you reach the door to the left.
Go up the steps then turn left and head down the hallway. Turn right into the room and wait near the bed.
Turn right and walk across the hall. Wait in the middle of the first intersection with an EXIT sign in front.
Exit the bedroom and wait by the door on the opposite end.
Move down the hall and up the stairs. Enter the first room to your left with all of the exercise equipment and stop in the doorway.
The chair is under the table and beside the two chairs.
against a wall, next to a wardrobe.
Turn around and walk past the plant on the left and the trash can on the right. Continue out of the bathroom doors and take a right. Continue going forward and take a left through the open door at the end of the hallway. After walking through the door stop.
This is a corridor near the door of the house, and there is a study room directly behind the chair.
next to the window, next to a wall painting and a table with a chair
Go up the steps.Turn left and go down the hallway. Go up the steps then wait there.
Turn right and walk passed the first two desks. Go to the right of the long table with chairs and stop.
Walk past the couch and turn right. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and stop.
Turn around and walk up the stairs. When you reach the first platform, turn left and go up the next few steps. Then turn left again and go up the next few steps. At the top, walk forward and stop at the bottom of the next set of stairs.
Leave the toilet room and the room with the sink and go out door to the hallway.  Once you are standing before another sink on a marble counter top and some cabinets.  Turn left and walk past the doors going outside and into the empty room with the heavy curtains.  Stop in the doorway to this room.
Go to the magazine rack. Go to the plant. Go to the standing lamp. Go to the pencils. Go to the tubes.
Exit the room and turn left. Enter the office area and take the door closest to your right. Enter the bathroom and wait.
Walk out of office and turn right. Walk down hallway through double door. Stand in front of second door on right.
Go to your right passed the tv and the white coffee table. Then turn left and stop in the library next to the blue vase.
Head past  the counter and turn right at the stoves. Stop just inside the dining area next to the brown chair.
Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right and stop in the open doorway.
the crystal glass is in front of a corridor
Turn to the right and walk up the stairs. Walk up one set of stairs on the left and walk into the living area. Wait there.
Walk through the passage on the left and keep walking until you go outside.  Stop just after having stepped through the doorway going outside.
Walk past all the round tables and stop to the left of the last one.
The plant is in a large restaurant.
Go into the hallway and turn left. Wait in the room at the end of the hallway.
Exit the small kitchen then turn slightly right and go straight until you get to the glass sliding doors.When you pass the glass sliding doors on the left turn right and wait by the washer and dryer.
There is a table and stool in front of it.
The closestool is in the bathroom.
Go towards the stairs and past them. Veer slightly left at the mirrored door and go down the hall. Wait in the nook with two chairs and the fireplace.
Turn towards the table and exit out the door to the left behind the table. Keep going straight past the couches and the bar. Stop when you have reached the end of the bar and are facing outside.
Go straight toward the stairs on the right. Pass the stairs then head down the hallway. Wait near the fireplace.
The sofa is in the corner of a bright living room on the first floor.
Walk down stairs, and past the console table on the right. Walk down stairs, into the great room. Make a right at the bottom of the stairs, and walk past the bar. Make a right in front of the pool table, and wait at the threshold of the bathroom door.
hung on the wall, above the towels
Take a left and walk out of the laundry room. Take another left and wait in between the kitchen and dining room table.
exit bathroom, stop in closet doorway.
Go left upp the stairway to the right in front of the flowers, go left up the stairs and to the first doorway stop at the staircase.
TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT SO THAT A BALCONY RAILING IS ON THE RIGHT AND AN OPEN DOOR BOTH TO THE LEFT AND IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK FORWARD THOUGH THE DOOR STRIGHT AHEAD, FACING A SHORT HALLWAY WITH A DOOR TO BOTH THE RIGHT AND LEFT AND A DOOR FORWARD TURN TO THE LEFT HAND DOOR AND WALK INTO THE ENTRANCE WAY.
Leave the library and take a left. Go straight into the bedroom. Stop outside of the closet.
Walk to the right, toward the loft. Pass the last table and wait by the desk.
below the towel and next to the woody door
Go across the room to the left of the big hallway with the grey division to the right, go passed the red stairs on the left, and stop between the stage on the right and the red chair on the right.
The power switch is in the aisle beside the stairs.
Go into the hallway and enter the room straight across. Wait in the en suite bathroom to the right.
Continue up the stairs and into the room with the yellow bed. Turn right int he room. Walk past the purple bed and into the bathroom. Stop next to the tub.
Turn right and go into the room on the left. Walk past the bed and straight into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Walk up the stairs and go to the door on your right. Wait at the entrance to the bedroom.
The radio is placed near the hall and a reading room.
Exit the shower into the bedroom on the left. Walk past the foot of the bed, to the right, and wait on the other side of the sliding door.
There are two big tables and a wine cabinet on the opposite of the drawer.
walk past dresser, turn right at foot of bed, turn right again walk through doorway to left of bed and stop in front of closed door on your right.
on the right of the bed, on the nightstand
Go to the right and down the hall. Wait in the bedroom doorway at the end of the hall.
Walk forward turn left walk straight go past the bed through the door turn left.
above the mirror, across from the bed
Walk towards the pool and then turn left when you get next to it. Turn left and stop in front of the steps to go into the pool.
Exit he shower then exit the bathroom using the door on the left then turn right and then turn left and wait at the top of the stairs.
There is a cabinet and shelf on the opposite of the table.
With the pool on your left. Walk past the window on your right and through the first doorway on your right. Walk through the next doorway on your right. Stop before you hit the bath tub.
Walk to the last bar chair on the left. Make a slight left and walk into the smaller room. Walk around the bar with the grey chairs. Make a left into the thin grey hallway.
Walk forward through the hallway, make a left, stop at the first door on the right.
Walk past the dining table and take a left into the hallway. In the hallway walk into the bathroom and stop on the rug.
With the bed to your left, exit the bedroom and then immediately turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue through the narrow hallway and at the end, turn ninety degrees to the right and head towards the stairs leading downward. Stop when you reach the second landing.
The table is set in the living room.
Walk down the hallway with the brown wood tile. Go through the open doorway and stop.
Find the main door to the bathroom which is located to the left of the vanity with chair.  Exit the room and immediately turn left and walk through the open door ahead of you.  Once in this room walk a few steps forward, then turn left towards the glass table and chairs.  Walk to the opening to the left of the table and stop next to the brown wooden lattice wall.
Go past the couch.  Go to the steps and turn left.  Go up the steps.  Then go up the other steps.  When you've gone up two sets of little stairs, turn to the right and go a couple of steps.  Wait there.
in front of a table, next to a door
Go towards the counter with chairs, make a right and go through the archway, go passed the the piano to the right and stop near the dining room table.
Go ahead to the stairs and turn left into the garage. From the garage enter the first door on the right and stop in the exercise room.
Head down the hall and turn left at the mirror. Then enter the door on the right and stop.
Walk into the hallway. Make a left after the thermostat. Wait at the vent.
Turn left and walk to the left side of the bed. Once you are beside the bed, Turn left and enter the closet straight ahead and stop.
the storage room is in the end of a corridor,which links a living room and the storage room.
The desk is next to a kitchen and a bedroom upstairs.
Turn left when you get to the tv and go out the second door on the right then turn left go into the room on the left. Turn left again and go out the glass sliding doors to the balcony. Wait near the couches.
Continue down the stairs and follow the hallway around to the left into the pool room. Stop and wait near the telephone.
Enter through the door leading inside.  Continue straight through the bedroom.  Enter the bathroom through the doorway.  Wait here.
Walk up the stairs and walk past the end table. Walk in front of the piano and turn right. Walk in front of the shelves and stop.
Move down the hall and enter the common room. Go straight across and enter the bathroom. Turn left and wait next to the massage table.
Walk straight toward the white chair. Turn left before you get to the white chair. Wait near the sink.
The living room is next to a washroom and is connexted with a dining room.
Walk out of the wine cellar into the room with the large round table in the middle.  Keep the table on the right and walk down the hallway past the staircase that will be on your left.  Walk towards the yellow and red curtains and turn left when you reach the intersecting hallway.  Turn left and walk forward towards the office with the large wooden desk.  Stop before you enter the office in front of the open door in your right, and the sink on your left.
Walk past the metal chairs and right past the bed. Walk right down the hall and left into the bathroom. walk left and stop just inside the shower.
Head towards stove and exit kitchen to the left. Turn right once out of kitchen. After the lamp, turn right again. Walk past art on wall and wait in doorway at end of hallway.
Walk down pathway between bushes up steps. Walk through archway and enter house through double doors. Stop in entry way between two pillars.
The pillow is set in the hall.
behind a shelter, facing a door
enter bedroom and turn left walk left to door, turn left and enter bathroom, walk slight left around shower, stop before toilet and closet.
The refrigerator is in a living room.
Turn left and enter the house. Walk straight across the room to the right side and stop once you reach the wood wall with metal on it to the right of the 3 pictures on the wall.
Exit bedroom, turn left, enter hallway, turn right, move straight towards steps, go up the steps, turn left at the top of the stairs, take immediate left into first room, stop once inside the room.
Turn right. After you pass the wall with holes in it turn left. Wait near the weird looking chair.
Leave the bathroom and bedroom. Take a left and stop on the third step from the top.
Walk through the two benches and head outside. Stop once you are outside, before you reach the pillars.
next to the door, next to the fireplace
Exit washing area, make a left, make a right, make a right and enter bedroom, wait by bed.
Go toward the stairs past some bookshelves. Go straight across the room past a wooden valet, and stop when you can see down a hall into a bathroom.
next to a tea table, facing a long table
Go straight.  Proceed to the right and move through the open door.  Go straight.  Turn right through open door.  Go staright towards the bathroom.
Walk down the hall and to the right and stop in front of the chair.
The piano is placed in the corner of a small and bright living room.
The study is facing the outside and connects with a bedroom.
next to the woody table and green chairs
Walk past the kitchen island and wait by the light switches in the living room.
walk forward then at the door turn right then walk forward again the you will stop at the dressing room.
Go down the stairs then turn right. Walk straight and go into the door in the middle. Wait there.
Leave the dining room, go through the entryway, walk through the living room, and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn around, then turn slightly left and head down the hallway, stepping on the yellow rug. Continue down the hallway until you're to the right of the gold framed mirror, then turn right. Turn left when you reach the wooden table, then head straight until you're standing on the grey mat on the floor. Wait there.
Pass the table with the chairs then when you get to the beige couches turn left and go up the stairs on the left. Go up two steps then stop.
The vase is placed  near a big conference room and a small conference room.
Turn right and go past the patio couches. Use the large doors ahead to go inside. Turn left and then turn left again. Wait there near the stove.
Walk straight past the kitchen island. Continue straight and stop behind the white couch.
Turn around.  Walk past the settee and the nightstand.  Enter the next room and stand there on the tile.  Wait there.
Walk by the glass door and turn right. Walk past the glass door and turn left. Stop in front of the dining room table.
Head past the dining table and turn left towards the kitchen. Go straight ahead and stop in the small room past the door straight ahead.
they are next to a black long table and near a pool table,
Exit laundry room and walk down stairs to the left. At bottom of the stairs walk into open room and stop next to chair with pillow.
Walk past the vanity over the polar bear rug. Make a right turn into the bedroom. Wait next to the thermostat.
Walk past green sectional sofa on the left. Make a hard right at the saxophone on the floor, then make a left. Wait at the landing to the wood stairs to go down.
The jar is placed in the hall.
The table is settled in the center of a dining room on the first floor.
Head forward and up the stairs. Stop on the landing.
Turn right and go up the stairs. At the top, walk forward and enter the door to your left. Stop once you enter the hallway.
Follow the left wall until you get beneath the host sign. Then wait beside the mirror.
walk down carpeted hallway to the left of fireplace, walk through double doors, turn left when you reach the top of the stairs, walk over rope and stop next to table.
The plant is in a big dining area.
Go to the white door at the end of the hallway.
Walk across the room past the fireplace and stop in front of the white table directly behind the dog statue so that the tail is pointing at you.
Walk into the bathroom. Make a left into the adjoining room between the blue walls. Walk straight ahead to the table by the bed. Make a right into the closet.
Walk to the far end of the room and through the archway on the left wait inside the sauna.
The study has a lot of books and connects with the outside.
Exit the storage area, then turn left and move through the bedroom into the hallway. Make a sharp left and move three steps down the stairway.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk up the first set of stairs and stop.
Go stand in the doorway of the bathroom.
the dining room is near a  living room and a balcony.
There are several pillows on the sofa, a square coffee table in front, a picture on the back wall, and a lamp next to it.
next to a white vase, next to the sink
The lamp is in a big bedroom on the second floor.
Go down the stairs, take the first left and enter the bedroom, stopping just inside the room.
The table is near two white sofas and near a black television.
Stand so the fireplace is behind you and walk out the door.  Walk up the stairs on the left and continue to the top.  Walk out the front door and stop after stepping off the mat in front of the door.
The living room is facing a big and white living room and is next to a long corridor.
Walk out of the bathroom and make a sharp turn right. Then turn left and walk out of the small room. Turn left in the hallway and walk into the room with the shelves. Walk right past the table and chairs into the bedroom. Walk left into the bathroom and stop.
Exit the bedroom. Turn left and go through the kitchen. Turn into the first doorway on the left. Stop outside the doorway to the long room with wine on the shelves.
next to the bed, next to the white lamp
Walk to the left of the table then walk straight between the chairs and go stand a few feet in front of the patisserie stand.
Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the stove. Enter the dining room across and stop next to the table on the right.
walk towards large green vase, turn left at vase, walk straight through stone hallway, walk to the right on table, turn right and walk between green table and brown table, stop under stone arch.
Leave the bathroom, and office. In the hall take a left. Go past the stairs and enter a bedroom through the first door on your left. Stop at the foot of the bed.
Turn right and enter the foyer area. Turn left and walk up the stairs all the way to the top and stop.
Head down the stairs to the bottom.  Then walk to the countertop and stand next to the chairs on your left.
The dustbin is on the right of a white huge pillar and face the corridor at a slant.
Walk to the left of the pillar. Walk past the table and chairs. Stop in the doorway.
Walk into the foyer. Go straight ahead into the office. Stop in the office doorway.
Exit the room and turn right. Walk past the living room and dining area. Wait by the column.
on the wall, next to the door, among five pictures and fifth from left
The sink is near a bedroom and a corridor.
Pop over to the main entrance that is located through the dining area.
Enter the right room next to the fire extinguisher and stop at the stanchions.
Walk around table and through double doors. Walk to wall with hanging pictures. Stop in doorway.
There is a door and some pictures next to the power switch.
The table lamp is placed in a bright bedroom with grey-green walls.
The washroom is behind living room and in front of a dining room.
Walk through the bedroom around the bed. Walk out of the door into the hallway that has a painting of a large abstract face. Walk towards the closet area in the hallway.
Turn right at the bottom of the stairs and enter the room at the end.  Turn left after walking into the bedroom and walk into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the first sink.
Turn to your right 90 degrees and walk into the bedroom.  Go to the right of the bed and walk forward.  Walk in the open bathroom door and stop just inside the bathroom.
Leave the bar area and take a left. Take a left behind the couch. Stop behind the first chair at the table.
After you pass the pool turn right and walk down toward the statues. Wait near the patio table and chairs.
Leave pantry to kitchen, turn left and walk towards the stairs. stop behind the chairs at entry way.
Exit room through the door next to the painting. Turn left and walk down hallway past first doorway. Turn left and go through doorway.
Go up all of the stairs and past the pictures on the wall down the hallway and bast a ledge with pictures and a plant, and wait at the doorway of a room with greenish gold chairs at a table.
Go through the room with the two tables and through the door at the end of the room.
Go into the dining area. Walk to the other side of the room, turn right,  and go to the door on the left side of the room. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the shower and then turn left and exit the bathroom toward the bedroom. Stand near the bed.
There's an exact same outlet to the right of it, On its left there is a cooker and a dish with pears
turn right into the hallway and continue past the zebra painting. Enter the living room and turn left. Turn left into the kitchen and wait by the refrigerator.
The massage bedroom has only one massage bed and some decorations on the wall.
with the screen to your left walk straight and exit the movie room, turn left and walk down the carpeted hallway, once at the end a stairway will be on your left. Walk down the first set of stairs and stop on the landing.
a room with two cabinets and a bench;
The newspaper is near a bedroom.
The table is placed in the front desk.
Turn around and walk forward to the end and then turn left and enter the bedroom. Once in the room, walk to the right side of the room past the fireplace and then enter the door on your right. Stop in the doorway.
Turn around and go down the stairs.
Walk out of the sitting area and go the stairs. Go down one stair to the second from the top and stop.
Walk up the stairs that are directly in front of you.  When you arrive on the top of the stairs, walk straight ahead to the open bathroom door in front of you.  Walk to the opening of the door, until you can see the toilet, and stop there.
Walk up the set of stairs on the right side of the blackboard. Move forward to the desk and walk behind the chair. Walk straight past the next desk and wait in between the bookcases and the small chest.
Make a left out from behind the bar. Move down the hallway to the left, You'll see ahead of you a hallway that is marked with a beautiful tile floor and a floral arrangement sitting on top of it. You'll want to move towards the left and end your path near the business directory on the wall.
Go to the American flag. Go to the front of the fireplace. Go to the mini carriage. Go through the nearest doorway and stop.
There is a porcelain and a book on it.
Trash can in the bathroom.
Walk forward into the room and turn right. Go across the room past all the sinks and turn into the last door on your right. Stop once you are in the doorway.
The lamp is near a toilet and a bedroom.
the laundry room is near a corridor and a bedroom/
Turn around and exit the room though the doorway to the left. Walk across the hallway, up some steps and enter the bathroom.
Walk past the right of the pool table and through the door across the hall. Stop just inside the doorway.
Turn around and walk out of the office into the great room.  Keep walking forward, past the staircase on your right and the dining table on your left, toward the kitchen.  Go through the doorway with the kitchen counter on your left and walk towards the island.  At the island turn left and walk through the kitchen towards the kitchen table.  Stop when you enter that part of the room, before you get to the kitchen table.
Turn right and go into the garage. Turn right and go into the room. Wait there.
Walk forward and take a left through the door into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and the dresser and through the doorway. Take a left and wait in the entryway.
Go through the doorway go past table turn left go past bed stop.
Turn right and wait in the doorway of the women's bathroom.
Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Take a right and leave the bedroom. Stop in front  of the mirror outside of the bedroom.
Walk up the stairs ahead. Wait next to the entrance of the house.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and go into the hallway that is to the left of the fireplace. Wait there.
Exit the bathroom to the room. Turn left and exit the room by going out the door on the left. Turn left walk past the black chairs on the left. Pass the fireplace on the right. Stop near the grandfather clock.
The cabinet is placed against the wall next to the television in the kitchen.
Facing the mirror go left through the doorway, go into the middle of the bedroom, then go into the archway that is to the left of the bed, then make a left once in the hallway into the closet doorway and then stop.
Go past the main entrance and travel down the hall with the large tapestry and into the office with the walnut table and crystal vase on the mantle.
The chairs are in front of the kitchen and face the bathroom and the study in the second floor.
Walk through the room you are in doors, past the stairs then turn left when you reach the bedroom and walk into the bedroom.
The sink is below the mirror next to the toilet.
The towel is in the middle of the two pools.
Exit the bedroom and towards the front door, turn right and go to the end of the hall, at the intersection with multiple archways turn right into the right archway and stop.
Turn around and walk past the barber chair. Then turn left and walk forward toward the plants.  Turn left and walk into the next room and stand next to the chair.
leave bedroom to game room. turn slight left and walk between pool table and chairs, enter hallway, walk straight and stop at edge of bed.
Walk past cardboard Dell box. Walk past exit sign. Walk past "enerskin" sign. Wait at threshold of door to room 314.
The storeroom is connected with a kitchen with a corridor on the first floor.
Walk from the closet past the weight room and bathroom on your left. Make a right before you get to the bedroom you goal is in front of the desk.
Exit the room walking past the television on your right.  Take a left turn and walk past the two bookshelves on your left.  Take another left turn and stop inside of the bathroom area by the light switches.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and then turn left into the room. Wait near the entrance.
Exit room with desks. Turn left. Go toward Exit sign. Wait there.
Turn around and walk past all the bar stools. Once you pass the bar stools, turn right and enter the large entry way. Go down the hallway to the right to the end and turn right. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Walk around with table and exit the room.  Proceed to through the large hallway and enter the dinning room. Then enter the pantry, wait by the door.
The oven in the kitchen on the first floor.
The phone is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
Walk past table, into kitchen and wait by counter.
The table is set in a tearoom.
Go straight to exit the bathroom then exit the bedroom and wait there.
Turn left, walk through the doorway, turn right, walk towards the wall, turn left, and enter the bathroom.
Go into the hallway and then go left, then go into the first room on your left, next turn right and stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
the rest room is in a big bedroom which is in the end of a corridor and next to a open-balcony.
Walk toward the left of the cloth covered table and down the hall under the stairs. Turn right and stop just inside the bridal room.
Go past the sun on the floor.  Go straight through the door under the word spaces.  You'll go about 3 feet into the room, you'll be on a red rug.  Stand there and wait by the bicycles.
Exit the office then turn left. Turn right into the hallway and walk straight until you get to the third door on the right. go into office #314. Wait there.
Go past the fireplace, make a left and go through the doors. Make a right turn under the deer head and go straight to the open door. Stand in the doorway to women's bathroom.
The cabinet is inside the laundry room.
Step forward, turn right and head through the doorway. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the staircase.
The lamp faces a woody table with a white chair.
Go straight and follow the bar, go to the right and continue through. Go to the bathroom and then stop by the sink.
Turn and walk through the doorway. Walk towards the bed. Turn left and walk towards the bathroom. Stop in front of the robes hanging in the closet.
Head into the kitchen and turn right to walk up the stairs. Stop and wait on the stairs near the first window.
There are many cabinets and sinks in the kitchen.
Opposite the vase is a small balcony with a toilet next to it
Walk forward into, and down the middle of the work space. Walk forward until you reach a white pail on the floor next to a desk with a black chair and two tan chairs and stop.
Leave the bathroom and make a left to go out the bedroom door. Walk straight towards the staircase, then make a slight left to keep go to the hall across from the stairs. Go into the bedroom at the end of the hall and wait by the door.
Walk down the hall and turn left. Walk forward into the room. Turn left after the horse sculpture. Stop in front of the chair with the rounded arms.
Turn around and go across the floor passing the stairs and the table. Stop near the couches.
Exit the living room. Turn right. Walk into the bedroom and wait by the table.
Walk down the hall past the plants. Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop in front of the bed.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and a balcony.
No nearby areas.
Please cross chairs and table. Then enter into the big hall. You can see chair.
The balcony is on the third floor, outside the livingroom, next to the kitchen.
Turn around and walk out of the room. Take a left after the stairs and turn right. Wait in the bedroom that is on the right.
Turn right and walk straight. Wait at the end of the counter that is on the right.
Walk through the living room. Make a right at the smoke detector. Wait on the zebra rug.
Go into the bedroom, make sharp right into doorway. Go straight down hall and then turn left at the first archway on the left.
exit bedroom turning slight left to enter main hall, turn slight right and walk to edge of hall into doorway to other hall turn right and walk forward room with loungers and stop.
Cross the room and go up the stairs. Continue to the right towards the desk. Wait by the glass wall.
There is a living room and a dining room next to the kitchen.
Exit the door. Turn right. Go past mirror. Stop in open doorway.
Facing the dining room table go around the table with the table on your left side go around it into the hallway at the end of the living room and take a left into the bedroom stopping just inside the room near the  doorway.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and go into the last door on the right. Wait there.
Exit the room. Turn right. Go down the hallway. Before you get to the large mirror on the right. Turn left. Wait there.
turn right, walk forward and stop near the middle of the third table.
At top of stairs turn left into hallway, turn right as hallway turns. Stop before entering dining room at plant and pictures.
walk passed furniture on porch, turn right and walk 2 paces, turn left into house walk across living room to hallway and stop.
Leave restroom into hallway. Turn left and walk straight to plant on table. Turn right and stop at closet doors next to large chair.
With the display case ahead of you in the next room, walk forward, going past the display case, and exiting the room through the opening on your left.
Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk down the hallway toward a bathroom and another bedroom.  Stop inside the doorway to the right, the one with a bed in it.
The photo is set in a bookcase, below a blue photo and near a fitness equipment.
The lamp is placed at the corner of the bedroom and is near the wall.
Walk straight down the hallway and turn left.  Walk to the left of the blue bed and stop between the bed and the table and chairs, in front of the llama painting.
Walk and turn right towards the outside through the glass door. Keep walking forward passing the sofas on your left, and stop in front of the pool.
Turn left and exit the door, turn right and continue until you're near the wall, make a right turn until you're through the door and stop in the kitchen.
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Follow it until you see stairs, then walk into the door past the stairs.
Leave the bathroom and walk straight across the hallway to the room on the other side.  Stop just before stepping on the yellow rug under the dining table.
Walk past the round table and chairs and go to the building on the left.  Go through the screened porch and inside the front door.  Go to the sitting area opposite the kitchen area and stop on the rug in front of the window, between the chair and couch.
There are two massage beds and a carpet in the sauna.
exit the recreation room, head down the hallway going straight, at the end of the hall, turn left into the bedroom at the end of the hall, stop next to the "ski" sign on the wall to the left.
Exit the door and turn right towards another door. Walk up the stairs. Turn right and stop in front of the yoga mats.
The sink is to the right of the towel and under the mirror.
Turn right and go through the doorway. Continue going straight behind the red furniture. Go left upstairs and stop in front of the red couches.
Walk to the door at the foot of the bed and exit the room. Walk out into the open area and go around the stairs to the door way opposite the bedroom. Stop before entering the hallway.
Exit the room and walk straight. When you get to the kitchen turn right and go past the ovens on the right. When you get to a large black glass table with chairs stop.
Leave the bedroom, walk through the door on the right, walk towards the kitchen, and wait.
Exit the bathroom.  Walk through the bedroom and take a right turn.  Enter the first door at your left and stop inside the room with the starfish and seashell decorations.
Walk through the only doorway in the room, then walk through the doorway on your right. Stop once you are between the doorway and the toilet in the room.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hall and enter the kitchen first on your left. Walk out of the patio door on the right and stand next to the three plants.
The lamp is near a corridor and a living room.
Go through the room to the left of the leftmost couch. Go straight ahead through the archway, go up the stairs two steps and then stop.
The walls are decorated with ceramic tiles.
Walk across office to glass wall with signs above. Stop next to table with plant.
There is a box of medicine and a charger on it.
Exit the room, make an immediate left at the glass door and wait inside the wine Cellar.
Walk towards the room with the dining room table, and walk past it on your left. Walk past the doorway with the wooden wall on your right, and stop immediatly after it.
Go down the hallway and stop right after the exit sign.
The stapler is near the stairs of exit and opposite to a room which is not permitted to entry.
Walk down the hall past the fireplace. Walk past the staircase towards the sofa. Stop between the sofa and the vase.
Exit the room through the door to the left of the beds.  Once outside the room turn left and walk straight into the room at the end of the wall on the left.  Step inside and stop in front of the screen.
walk past the screen and out the door.  Turn left and enter the first room on your left.  After entering the room, stand in front of the wooden cabinets behind the screen and stop.
Exit the bedroom and take a right.  Wait at the immediate door on the right - in from of another bedroom.
Walk down the hall. Stop outside of the second door on your right.
on the first floor of the cup holder, on the right the cup holder, next to a dish
on the right of the oven, facing the cabinet
The sofa is near a black television, opposite to a small gray sofa and near a brown wooden table.
There are  four chairs with the same shape, material on its right .There are four chairs with the same shape, material opposite to it.
Walk down the stairs and enter the sitting area with the two pink chairs. Exit the sitting area and enter the dining area and wait next to the table and chairs.
You need to leave the pantry/closet room and make a right in the hallway. Next, you should go down the hall and down the stairs into the bedroom, wait at the landing.
The stool is placed near a small conference room and a big conference room.
After you leave the bedroom you should go the bedroom at the end of the hall. When you go into the room wait at the foot of the bed.
Turn right and walk through the kitchen into the main foyer. Wait near the front door.
Leave the room, and take a left. Take a right at the end of the hall, and take the first right. Enter the room, and stop in the doorway.
Walk past the kitchen and then wait in front of the second door on the left.
Walk straight ahead going past a long table on your right. Once you pass the long table, turn right and walk towards the door to go outside. Once you reach that door, turn right into the Bridal Room. Stop inside the room facing the bathroom.
The sculpture is put in the study.
Move toward the white ladder.
Walk up the stairs and make a sharp turn left. Walk down the hall and into the bedroom. Walk left around the bed and stop in front of the tub.
Turn left and then left again. Go up the three steps and straight down the hallway then go right on the first door and wait by the sink.
Walk around the kitchen and through the doorway to the left of the refrigerator.  Turn right in the little room and stop in the doorway to the laundry room.
Turn around and enter the archway. Go down the hallway. Cross to the left hall and turn right and then turn right at the thermostat again.
Walk past the refrigerator into the hallway outside the kitchen. Stop outside of the door to the kitchen.
With the fireplace towards your left, move forward down the hallway until you see some stairs leading upwards ahead of you and to the left. Head towards those stairs and pass by them. Stop when you pass the corner on your right.
The lamp is in the utility room.
Walk down the stairs. Wait in the kitchen next to the stove.
Walk out of the living room, away from the patio. Walk through the dining room and to the stairway. Stop at the foot of the stairs.
faces a brown bed and a holder;below a mirror with golden frames;
Exit bathroom door to the right of the sink.   Turn left in the hallway, and walk forward to enter the next room.  Enter the room to the left of the large glass center piece.  Wait here.
Leave the living room through the door on the right, walk past the door on the left, turn left, walk towards the bathroom, turn right, and enter the bedroom.
Walk all the way straight passing the white big chair, and stop near the small table with two chairs on its sides.
Go straight down the hallway. Turn slightly right to continue going straight down the hallway. When you get to stairs on the right turn left. Turn right and go into the room on the right. Wait near the couches.
The table is set under a sculpture of a man riding an elephant and near a round table under a brown vase.
Turn right and go straight. Go straight into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Turn around and walk down the hall.  Then walk around the kitchen Island and enter the dinning room area.  Stand near the sofa.
Walk forward, through the open wooden door. Pivot left and then move forward until you are standing on the white rug. Change direction and move to your right staying on the white rug. Take a left turn and go straight until you reach a doorway. Enter the second doorway from the right and enter the room with pink oriental rug. One step past the doorway, stop here.
There is a pot of flower, desk and chairs on the opposite.
This area has a long corridor  close to the wall.
Leave the hallway and enter the room with the dome. Take a left at the dome. Stop once you are in the large empty room.
Walk toward the bath tub, and turn left to go through the doorway. Go straight and stop next to the two open doors.
Go down the stairs turn left and go up the stairs on the left. Walk down the hallway then turn right and go into the bathroom on the right. Wait near the sink.
Walk straight down the hallway. Make a left at the chair in the corner. Make another left into the bathroom by the sink.
The computer is in the reception.
Walk left out through the glass doorway and go to the doorway on the left.
leave bedroom and head straight through kitchen, go through the door and stop on porch facing parking area.
The toilet is below the picture. The picture is on the wall.
The television is set on a yellow and white table and near a gray and black bed.
The room is opposite to the gate of a big showing room and on the left side of the road of the lobby.
hung on the wall, above the sink
Exit the shower and turn left.  Proceed forward until you enter the bedroom. Wait by the chair.
Go down the brick walkway towards the brick stairs.  Go into the large room on the left, before you get to the stairs.Wait.
Walk through the door, and then head left and walk through the hallway, make a right turn and stop immediately.
on a table, below a picture
Turn around. Go straight and make a left after you reach the end of the first table on the left. Travel toward the magazine rack and make a right. Go forward and make a left into the room with a white lamp.
Walk towards the room with the leather chair.  Stay to the right of the table enter the doorway on the right.   Take the next left, and walk straight down the hallway.  Enter the closet at the end of the hall.  Wait here.
Turn to the inside of the house. Walk to the short marble column. Turn right. Walk towards the mirror. Turn left at doorway. Turn right at first door. Stop at doorway to bedroom.
Turn right and proceed down the stone path and enter the house through the patio doors.  Wait near the table.
Exit the laundry room and go into the nearest bedroom. Wait in the en suite bathroom.
The bed is placed hard by the wall inside a small bedroom ,which is close to a small lamp.
Walk towards the large green vase and then turn left and walk through the rock hallway. On the other side turn right and walk forward and stop when you reach the long wood table.
Walk forward and go to your left towards the wood door.Go out of the door and into the hallway. In the hallway walk straight into the main reception hall. In the main room stop between the first table and the doorway behind you.
The pillow is set in the livingroom.
The table is placed  next to a yellow table and a brown box.
Walk out of the locker room and then out of the relaxing room by going through the doorway on the right. Go into the massage room that is the second room on the right and wait there.
Walk past the foot of the bed towards the exit of the bedroom. Stop when there's a door opening directly in front of you and another one to your right just before exiting the room.
Walk past the leather chair and to the right of the pictures. Walk down the hall and into the office to the right of the front door and stop in front of the desk.
enter the dining room area, turn right, turn right again and enter the kitchen, turn left at the kitchen island, continue to exit the kitchen, enter the living room area, and stop in front of the television on the left.
Walk down the first flight of stairs, turn right, walk down the stairs, wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk through the office area out through the sliding barn door. Turn and walk into the kids bedroom next to the bathroom.
Go down the hall. Walk toward the green sofa. Go past the sofa and wait beside the door on the right of the purple wall.
Turn right and walk out of the kitchen and into the living room. Turn right and walk across the living room, then exit through he back door. Stop on the patio outside.
Go down the hall next to the frame that has a picture with words. Turn right and go into the bedroom. Wait by the bathroom door.
Walk past the bed then turn right and go out the door on the right. Walk straight until  you get to a painting of a lady and watermelon on the right. Turn right and go down two steps of the stairs. Wait there.
Walk straight and go around the left of the table and chairs. Go straight through the left entryway toward the chair on the wall. Go left down the hallway, and turn left on the stairs before stopping.
Leave the kitchen heading to the wine rack. Take the first left which takes you into the dining room. Stop behind the second chair on the right of the table.
Exit the bathroom, walk past the fireplace and through the door. Wait inside the bathroom.
Go up the stairs, and take a left at the top of the stairs. Go through the arched doorway and stop in front of the bathroom.
Exit the pantry and turn left. Walk to the other side of the landing into the bedroom. Wait in the en suite bathroom.
Walk around the bed and leave this room. At the end of the hall take left and stop in the hallway facing the stairs just outside the door.
The plant is set in a pot on a yellow table with many yellow and black chairs around it.
Exit the closet into the bedroom. Exit the bedroom and wait in the hallway on the rug.
Facing the living room to the right.
Exit the room. Continue down the hallway until you get to a stairs going up on the left. Go up the stairs. Turn left then go into the first room on the right. Stand near the washer dryer.
Walk past the sink and go left past the television. Walk to the left of teh bed and stop just outside the bathroom.
Walk past the large sliding door. Walk into the entryway of the bedroom.
Walk around the bed in the room out through the door on the other side of the room. Walk down the hallway around the banister and stop at the first open door to a bedroom.
Exit the room through the open door.  Turn right and go up the steps.  Walk down the hall and take the first right.  Stop in the doorway.
Walk to the other end of the room and wait in the bathroom, next to the tub.
The bathroom is in the master bedroom and next to the cloakroom.
Walk through the living room past the coffee table and couches.Walk through the entry way after the couches and down the hall. Walk into the room at the end of the hall with a wrap around couch with open doors to the outside.
Washstand is set in the toilet.
Walk straight pass the bed and take a left out of the door and into the hallway where you take a right out of the door pass the dining table out onto the patio stopping just pass the patio doors.
walk forward through the ornate double doors and into the hallway In the hall walk forward and go into the sitting room on the left. Stop in the doorway to the sitting room.
Walk out of the closet and pass the sinks on the left. Past the sinks take a right into the bedroom. walk straight in the bedroom past the bed on the right and the couch on the right. At the couch take a left and go on the patio stopping nest to the third panel on the fence on the right.
Exit the bedroom from the left door. Turn right, and keep walking forward. Pass two picture frames on the right wall, and the American flag at the left corner. Stop next to the the big cushioned chair.
Head through the door opposite the light switch.  Turn left and head past the glass table and chairs. Head past the screen. Step into the kitchen area.
Go straight into the sitting room and right out into the hallway. Take a left down the hallway and go left into the first bedroom on the left.
Go up the steps then continue straight and go up more steps. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Go out the door straight ahead of you and wall straight until you get to steps. Wait there.
Walk forward keeping the ping-pong table to your right walk just past the end of the ping-pong table. Turn to the left and walk past the end of the long table. Walk forward and veer to the right. Stop and wait between the first two pillars.
Leave the bathroom and walk into the bedroom.  Turn right and walk past the foot of the bed and leave the bedroom via the doorway on the right.  Stop just after passing through the doorway when you are standing in front of some wooden doors on your left.
under the stone table, next to the glass door, among three stools and first from right
Turn around, go left across the room, enter the hallway and turn left, exit onto the stairway landing and wait there.
Go down the stairs. Turn left and continue going down the stairs. Turn left and go down the steps. Wait there.
The bed is near a bathroom.
Go through the doorway on the right and turn right. Walk over the rug, past the tables and chairs. Continue through the hallway in the top right corner and wait in the doorway of the next room.
The meeting room is by the side of the reading area and behind the restaurant.
enter hallway and turn left. continue straight into livingroom. Stop at bookcase.
Go straight until you get to the dining room table and chairs.
Walk out of the dining room and towards the tub.  When you reach the tub, turn left and walk down the room past the sinks and dining table until you reach the other tub on the other end of the room.  Turn left at the tub and stop in the doorway of the sitting room.
Walk into the room with the arched wall. Walk out through the door and into the hallway. Walk towards the wooden banister railing near the stariway.
Walk out of the bathroom door into the hallway with red wall art. Walk through the entry into the kitchen area. Walk passed the counter tops and refrigerator and continue up to the rustic dining table ahead.
Enter the kitchen and immediately turn left, then right. Walk to the stair landing and wait by the painting.
Exit the bathroom. Turn hard left and exit the bedroom. Wait on the stairs on the left.
Head straight and go up the stairs on the far left. Go up four steps then stop.
Enter the bedroom on the left and stop in the bathroom doorway.
Turn around and walk out the door and into the hallway. In the hallway turn right and enter the large dining room. Turn left and exit the room through the middle of the big doors and stop when you reach the blue rug.
Go toward the sink area on the left. Enter doorway on the left. Take a slight left and enter the bedroom. Go toward the bed. Stop there.
The glass is placed on a brown table surrounded by six transparent chairs, and next to a television.
The door locker is located in a washroom.
Head between the two desks then walk towards the dual entryways wait in front of the hammock to the left of the left entryway.
There is a corridor outside the room
Leave the bathroom, and veer right. Go down the hall, and enter the kitchen through the door on the left. Stop next to the door on the right.
Go past the toilet and sink to the doorway. Stop at next doorway on the left.
Go down hallway towards the bed and turn left. Go through the doorway and wait.
Take a left at the bottom of the stairs. Go straight past the counter on the right. Stop once you pass the counter.
Walk between the blue sitting chairs towards the fireplace. Turn right at the fireplace and walk between the wall and the blue chair. Turn left into the first doorway which is a bathroom. Wait by the mirror.
Turn left and head to the bottom of the wooden short staircase you see. Turn right and head down the staircase there, continuing the same direction, stopping and waiting when you enter the room and you're just in front of the white couch.
The calendar is set near a corner and  the gate.
Walk through the door between the two fireplaces. Veer right and step onto the rug. Stop on the rug in front of the armoire.
Walk in front of the rocking chairs, turn right at the end of the rocking chairs, and go inside. Go Straight inside and take the first right and walk into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
in front of three screens,on the right side of some documents and under a yellow note
Walk through the bathroom passed the wooden bathroom stalls. Walk out into the large open room. Walk towards the stairwell on the opposite side of the room straight ahead near a sign that says coat room on the adjacent doorway.
Walk to the right side of the room without furniture. Walk through the middle door and onto the rug. Walk to the left side of the stairs and stand in front of the archway next to the stairs.
Go straight ahead, and take a right at the intersection. Walk forward to the next intersection, and stop in front of the exit sign.
The stool is near a big bed and a big window.
The earphone is placed on a yellow table and next to a computer.
Sculpture near the corridor connecting the gym
beside a small box; below a rounded clock.
Exit the room, turn left into the exercise room, go straight and to the left passed the pool on the right into the room and take a sharp left into a massage room and stop.
There is a white door opposite the mirrorand a big bed is in the big bedroom.
on the left of the glass wall,behind the chair and faces the door directly
Exit the bathroom and go into the bedroom.  Walk around the bed and chairs and step outside then stop.
The lamp is on the left side of a blue and white bed, on a beige drawer and near a black telephone.
Walk around the screen and exit the room.  Turn right and enter the locker room. Wait near the sink.
Walk past the wing chair on the left. Walk past the stair rail on the right. Make a right opposite the "1" artwork on the left. Walk through the open double doors, onto the marble floor. Wait at the threshold of the sliding bathroom door on the left.
Walk into the doorway by the plants and turn right in the building Walk past the wooden table and stop by the stairs. .
next to the stairs, in front of the French window
Exit the bedroom and walk down the hall. Wait in front of the door directly ahead.
on the long sofa, among six pillows and on the right of them
The table is set in the bright kitchen.
walk down the hallway directly in front of the front door and circle carpet, turn left at the end of the hall and right at the end of that hall and through the doorway to the bedroom. Continue straight past the bed, and stop once you are in front of the sink.
Walk across main work room. Stop at ping pong table.
on the right of a sofa, in front of a window
Go through the open door into the building and go across the room to the drinking fountain.
Walk along the backside of the couch in the living room. Walk into the arched entry way that leads to a white tiled hall. Walk down the hall to the first door. Walk through the door and towards the stairwell going down.
Step onto the red carpet and turn left. Walk down the red carpet, following the roped off section, and turn right after the rope ends. Follow the red carpet forward and turn left, walking through the double doors. Walk forward and wait near the chairs.
Walk downstairs, stop at the bottom and take a left towards the open area, stop at the middle of the long gray lounger.
The sink is set in the bright kitchen.
Walk towards a long hallway and go down the steps. Take the first entrance on your left and wait once inside the room.
Walk across living room, through archway and stop on the red rug in front of wood stove.
The desk is in a small room on the corner of hall.
Walk to the left of the washer and dryer. Walk past the oven and outside. Turn right and walk onto the patio. Stop just outside the doorway.
exit toilet room to hall and turn hard right, stop in front of drum set.
Go straight through the kitchen. Turn left and wait near the round table and chairs.
above the television, under some books
The bedroom is quite small ,and There is a small wooden table put next to the bed which is opposite the cloth cabinet.
Walk forward down the hall and take a left. Go down the hall and take a right into the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Turn right and go outside using the large glass doors. Walk toward the pool. Wait near the BBQ.
in front of a picture, next to a cupboard
Exit the bedroom and cross the hall into the next bedroom. Stop in its bathroom doorway.
Go towards the pool, then passed the pool to the right, and stop near the hot tub.
Walk down the flight of stairs.  Wait at the bottom of the stairs near the kitchen island.
The stool is placed on the ground ,next to a black dustbin and a black chair.
The painting is in a corridor on the second floor.
Go up the stairs and turn right. Go into the room to the right of the horse picture on the wall. Go into the bathroom of that room and stop a couple of feet into the bathroom.
The television is in a rest room.
Walk forward through the closest doorway. Go straight ahead into the bedroom across. Go into the bathroom. Stop in front of the first window.
Turn to the right and walk through the doorway.  You'll see a living room, and you'll walk past the grand piano.  You'll be in a hallway and that's where you'll stop and wait.
Turn left and walk across the hallway past the carpet continuing towards the portrait on the wall. Turn left and wait by the counter on the left in the kitchen area.
Walk into the hallway and proceed past the stairs towards the master bedroom. Enter the master bedroom and walk around the bed towards the bathroom. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Exit the gym and go right through the kitchen, continue straight past the foyer into the living room. Stop and wait near the console table.
At the kitchen take a slight left to walk past the counter closet to the dining table keep walking straight and go out the door and wait.
The box is set in the hall.
Exit current room head toward bedroom, make a right, make a left then head toward the office area.
Mirror between balcony and living room, opposite stairs
FACING A PAINTING ON A GREEN WALL TURN TO THE RIGHT UNTIL A STAIRCASE IS IN FRONT OF YOU AND A DOOR ON THE RIGHT, WALK TOWARDS THE DOOR ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE STAIRCASE, FACING SWINGING DOORS AND A BOOKCASE TO THE LEFT WALK THOUGH THE SWINGING DOORS, FACING THREE DOORS WALK INTO THE DOOR ON THE LEFT SIDE SO THAT YOU ARE IN A BEDROOM.
The box is near a table with a green top, on top of a box, against the wall.
Turn right and go out the door. Turn left and pass the rug in the hallway. Turn left and wait at the entrance.
Turn left and go all the way down the hallway and into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Follow the rug down the hallway. Go up the stairs and stop at the bathroom door.
The table is near a kitchen and a dining room.
Take a jaunt over to the massage room with the pillars and striped walls.
Leave the bathroom and turn left.  Walk through the kitchen and stop in the doorway going to the porch.  It is where the two mats meet.
the entrance of the whole bath center;
Turn right, walk into the hallway, turn left, walk down the hallway, and wait by the bedroom.
Exit bathroom turn left in hall, walk straight into sitting room. Wait at floral chair.
There are some stools and table nearby.
Exit the bedroom and walk through the hall toward the stairs. Stop before the wall on your left ends and opens to the stairs, where there is a thermostat and light switches.
The table is on the opposite side of a corridor.
There are many different size sofas put in the living room, but there is no balcony outside.
With the dining table behind you, enter the kitchen through the doorway in your one o'clock position  Walk left through the kitchen until you get to two chairs in front of a shelf with bottles.  Stop on the rug in front of these two chairs.
Go down the hall into the kitchen and turn right. Continue to the living room, and immediately turn left. Then, turn right again and stop at the doorway to the bodega.
Walk down the hallway to your right and move past the bed. Walk through the door  on the right of the painting of thr girl and wait there.
Turn left after the bed. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom on the left.
There is a carpet put on the ground in front of two chairs, and a big living room is close to the target.
There is a big bed and some pictures in the bedroom.
Walk through the doorway and turn right.  Stop in the kitchen area next to the sink.
Walk through the living room area past the couch and through the open wooden door with a painting on the wall nearby. walk into the walkway on the other side and turn right to walk down the hall passing a painting on the wall. Walk into the open door that leads to a small room with a washer and dryer.
Walk past the stairs and left past the glass railing. Walk into the room at the end of the hall and stop by the chair and desk.
Walk up the stairs and wait at the top of the stairs.
The carbinet is behind a brown wooden table with a whith hollow-out tablecloth and behind three brown chairs with blue mat.
The paper towel is in a kitchen.
Turn right and exit the room out the curtains. Once out turn left and go through the white door and down to the end of the hallway. At the end turn right and enter the bedroom. Stop at the door looking in.
Walk through the kitchen, turn left and wait in the hallway outside the first bedroom on the right.
Walk up the staircase.  At the top of the stairs, keep following the hall until you get to the doorway on your right.  Go through that doorway and then make a quick left walking towards the bathroom.  Walk past the bathroom, down the hallway with a picture hanging on the wall to your left. Keep walking through the doorway of the bedroom ahead of you, and stop just as you enter the room.
Go thorough door, through the hallway, turn right, to the furthest bedroom on the right. Enter, bedroom and stop in front of the desk.
Head up the stairs and wait at the top next to the window.
There is a pillow on the bed and there is a picture on it
Go past the glass table and chairs. Then go past the red and purple couches. Go past the large stainless steel wall. Turn right and go out the large glass door. Wait near the red statue.
Exit the room then turn right and go up the stairs. Wait on the last step to the top.
Exit the laundry room and go left.  Walk through the kitchen and make a right towards the dining room. Wait at the entrance to the dining room.
a small and long room with wooden floors.
The room faces the lobby at a slant and opposite to a no entry room.
Walk past the fireplace and out of the room. Walk under the chandelier and stop.
in the first position of the left side of the desk,under the decoration on the wall
Walk towards the bed to the far side of the square table and chairs and walk around the right side of the bed.  Stop in front of the green chair to the left of the door to the bathroom.
next to a big yellow picture, next to the white bed
Walk through the kitchen around the counter passed the sink. Walk through the open door on the other end of the kitchen. Continue through the next room and walk around the corner through the open door near the fireplace. Walk up the flight of stairs towards the entrance of the home.
Walk away from the pool towards the grill, before you pass the table turn right through the white and glass door. Walk straight past the chair and couch, over the rug, There will be a brass pillar on your left and the couch on your right, walk straight through the arched doorway with a candle on the wall to your right. Stop outside of the doorway to the movie room.
The oven is set in the bright kitchen.
Turn right and walk down the hall. Stop at the end of the hall and wait near the exit sign.
Head up the stairs, turn right and stop in front of the doorway by the plant.
There is a cabinet  behind the suitcase and two extinguishers behind  it.
Turn right and walk towards the horse picture. Once you are at the horse picture turn right and enter the room. Inside the room, turn left and walk across the room. At the other side, turn left and enter the bathroom and stop.
Walk down hallway and stop passed last set of doors. Exit sign in front of you.
Walk forward pas the radiator on your left and behind the chair on your right. Walk through the doorway and into the dining room. Walk past the table and walk through the hallway with the orange walls on the right of the dining room. Stop in the hallway next to the light switch.
Leave the room, and take a right. Go right, and enter the living room. Stop next to the arm to the couch.
Walk straight down hall turn right into bedroom, stop at bookcase.
Exit bathroom, take a right, go slight right through the room, turn left and wait near the glass doors.
Walk out of the room and around the landing towards the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairwell.
The staircase is on the first floor and next to the livingroom.
Turn around and go down the hallway with the photographs on the left wall. Step inside the bedroom.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and balcony.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk across the hall  and through the single door on the left. Go through the door and wait there.
Walk all the way across the room and wait by the lounge chair.
Exit out the door to your right leading outside. Once outside, turn left and walk until you step down and stop.
Pass the bed and stop next to the couch.
Walk out of the kitchen toward the stairs and turn left. Walk past the stairs and turn right. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk down the hallway past the two hampers. Go through the double doors into the room with a large table and several fountains along the walls. Stop in front of the table.
Exit the bathroom using the door straight ahead. Walk straight until you get to a hallway. Turn right and then turn left into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Continue down the stairs. At the bottom turn right and head towards the two chairs in front of you. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop at the sink.
walk towards vanity, turn right and walk past tub and through doorway stop in front of mini sink.
The pillows are on a long sofa and near a fireplace.
Turn right and exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the bedroom via the door closest to your left. Turn right and walk towards the chairs and table. Wait just before the chairs.
Walk toward bookcase and turn right at the end of the table. Exit room through interior double doors. Turn right and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit bathroom to hallway. turn right and enter main lobby. Turn left and walk towards room with stairs on the right and hanging lights. Turn slight right walking passed white table to hallway on right. Turn right and walk down hallway. Stop at the bench.
next to the window, next to the stool, next to the table
Walk past the small utility door and turn left. Walk left down the hallway and through the first door on the right. Stop just inside the hallway.
The study has a fan in the center and two pictures on the wall.
Walk past the seating areas and go into the kitchen.  Turn left at the fridge and walk into the smaller room.  Stop in front of the sink.
The calendar is placed in the hall.
Go straight and pass the tub and the bed. Go out the door on your right and then go straight. Pass the table and chairs then go straight toward the stairs. Go up four steps and stop.
on the carpet, behind the table, next to the stairs
The electronic keyboard is in a living room.
The block is near the living room and bedroom.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Stop just inside the doorway.
Go to the doorway that leads to the pool outside.
The photo is near a corridor.
Walk up stairs. Turn left through arch and stop under the arch.
The office is at the corner of the crossroads and near the tea room and the locker room.
These pillows is on a sofa and near some vase.
Continue to the top of the stairs, then turn left to go around the corner and into the bathroom. Stop just prior to reaching the bathtub on your left.
The sofa is in front of a white desk and near a kitchen.
Walk past the stove on the right. Walk through the open door onto the wooden deck. Make a right to exit the screened enclosure. Wait near the open screen door.
The door is located at a corner of the bedroom.
There is a blanket next to the book and a white cabinet near it.
Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Enter the bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Head out through the main seating area and use the doorway to the far left to pass straight into the bedroom. Wait near the clothed tabled.
on the middle of two nightstands, facing the television
Turn left and exit the bathroom. Walk along the hallway. Turn right and wait by the white sofa and portrait.
on the middle of the stone table, in front of the glass window
under the chandelier, next to the small table
picture next to the living room, opposite the yard
Exit current room, make a left at second door, head down hallway, and wait at water cooler.
Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom to the sitting room next door.  Turn left and go towards the door into the hallway.  Stop in this doorway with some flowers in front of a mirror to your right.
Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk to the bottom of the stairs and stop.
Exit the kitchen area and make a hard left. Walk past the dining room table. Make a left into the wine room and wait there.
With the nearest door to your immediate right, walk forward until you reach a cross-corridor. Turn left and continue down the corridor. Go around the corner ahead and stop in front of a door labeled "S-C" just above the door handle and lock assembly.
Exit the office room, make a quick left and wait near the black leather bench, located on your left.
oppposite a rounded bar; near a white fence;
at the left corner of the room
Walk straight into the office across from the bed area of the room. In the office take a right into the TV room. Stop once you are past the door.
With the bed on your right, walk forward down the hall in the hallway. In the hallway at the end of the balcony take a right facing down the stairs. Go down the stairs stopping on the second from the top stair.
The cabinet is near a rest room and a corridor.
Go left passed the stairs and down the long hallway until you reach the bedroom.
The table is under the bottle and the switch.
The painting is in a corridor.
Go straight. Turn left and wait near the Pool.
The dustbin is placed in a tearoom.
Turn around 180 degrees walk down the hallway turn right into the entryway and stand in the big circle in front of the doors to the restaurant.
Turn right and go right. Follow until doorway is reached. Turn right and then enter room before going through doorway. Go forward.
the living room is next to a corridor and a stair.
near the rounded bar and a white fence;.
Turn around and walk to to the right of the table before going through the right doorway next to the tea cart. Stop next to the first chair by the Christmas tree.
Go straight into the third room starting from the left and stop when you go into the closet on the left.
walk out of the closet and into the the bedroom taking a right out into the hallway and stopping at the railing overlooking the living room below.
walk away from windows to outside through doorway towards small blue couch, turn left and walk through doorway before white chair, turn right at dining room table and turn left on red carpet, walk straight through doorway towards red wall and stop.
go downstairs, through hall, stop in kitchen.
The wall is close to the balcony and toilet.
Go straight past the fireplace and then turn left and go straight into the hallway on the right. Turn right and wait near the round rug.
on the first row of the bookcase, next to the door
Head down the hallway and stop in front of the stairs.
Take a right and walk towards the dining table. Keep walking out the door, on the the tile near the pool going straight. Stop on the tile with the pool stairs on the right.
Go forward past the chairs on the right and the pillars on the left.  Wait by the open door on the right.
Turn left and go into the room and then turn left and pass the table and chairs on the right. Pass the wall with the holes in it then turn left and wait at the entrance of the kitchen.
Head towards staircase and begin going up stairs. Wait on the 6th step.
Go up the stairs to the next floor and turn left. Wait at the foot of the bed.
It was placed in the middle of a white table, which surrounded by five chairs
walk into the room and walk along the right side of the room walking in the direction of the stairs. Walk through the last door on the right. Stop just out side the first door on the left.
between two small chairs, near the stairs
Walk down hall to square on floor. Turn left to first door. Enter room and stop at the massage tables.
Walk out of the bathroom and across the room into the closet near the exit door. In the closet stop next to the shelf on the left wall.
Walk inside and down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs in front of the crab artwork.
Walk past sectional sofa. Walk past dining table. Wait at metal and wood tiered stand.
Go through the room with the zebra rug and out the door on the other side.  Face the door with the vent over it.
The drawer is placed below the toaster and microwave next to the toilet.
Go into the dining area and wait in the sitting area.
Walk to your left away from the view of the pool. There will be a staircase right before the kitchen area to your right. Climb up those stairs and wait to the right of the stairs close to the table with the black ash tray and small white planter.
The painting is in the vast rest area.
in front of a pillow,in front of four screens and on the left of the wooden shelf
Head straight and exit the room then turn right  and turn right again and stop near the white couches.
The stapler is in  a tea room at the end of the corridor.
under the mirror, facing the balcony, next to the toilet
Walk towards the beach artwork at the end of the hallway and turn right into the bedroom.  Walk around the bed and step in the doorway on the right side.  Stop just after entering the bathroom.
The painting is opposite to a big meeting room and behind the restaurant.
Follow the deck around, pass the bed and head indoors. Walk across the hallway and wait in the doorway.
Go through the door straight ahead. Turn right and go passed the sink. Turn left into the hallway and then turn right and continue down the carpeted hallway. Stop in the next room on the left near the bed.
walk forward into the dining room and turn towards the fireplace. Walk towards the double arched doors and take a left. In the hall step onto the brick on the right and stop.
Walk forward with the desk on your left and walk into the hallway. In the hallway hang a right and go up the stair all the way to the top. At the top of the stairs hang a left and go into the laundry room through the first door on the left side. Stop once inside the laundry room and stop just inside the doorway.
Walk through three archways and into the dining room. Walk through another archway through the dining room. Walk into the foyer with the chandelier right above you.
Go through the living room, past the kitchen, pass the dining room table and go into the hallway then turn right and head straight into the laundry room. Wait near the laundry sink.
Keep walking forward passing the fireplace on the right. Turn right at the door near the big green plant. Stop outside the door.
Walk straight through the 2 sets of doors. Walk Across the large room through another set of doors. Walk a couple of steps in this room and stop.
Exit the wooden lattice enclosure.  Walk out of bathroom door.  Enter the first door on the right.  Walk straight until you reach bathroom sink.  Wait here.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and wait near the sitting bench on the left.
Walk down the stairs and go past the statue to go down some more stairs into a room with two white couches.  Go to the right towards the pool table.  Stop in front of the bathroom to the right of the pool table.
Turn around and walk across the sofas towards the doorway slightly to your left. Wait just past the doorway.
The typewriter is set near a black and gray computer and a tall brown cabinet.
Enter the house through the open french doors. Walk past the dining table on the right. Make a left after the buffet in the dining room. Make a right opposite the wine fridge to the left. Wait at the double wall ovens.
Exit the room, exit the locker room, turn right and right again into the archway, and step into the other locker room and stop.
Walk forward toward the door directly left of the plant. Walk into the bedroom. Take a slight left. Walk into the closet. Wait there.
Exit the showers and walk toward a black piece of furniture when you get to that turn right. Head down the hallway and after you pass two baskets turn right. Wait there at the entrance .
Walk down the hallway past the stairs and stop at the doorway on your right where there's three chairs and a desk.
Exit the room and head straight until you get to the hallway and go past the treadmill then turn right on the first door after the treadmill and wait there by the beds.
Walk through the door.  Walk up the stairs.
Walk out of the bathroom and go straight across the bedroom. At the door turn left then turn right and wait in front of the main entrance.
Exit study and walk across dining room to hallway with closets. Stop at closets.
Exit the room. Turn left and go into the room. Wait near the bed.
on the right of a big box; beside the sliding door;
Walk forward passing the brown leather chairs. Stop in the middle of the hall with a closet on your left, and a bedroom on your right.
on the right of a pillar;near a white carpet and a board;
Walk down the hallway past the long covered table. Turn left and wait inside the dining hall.
Enter the house and go towards the stairs to your right past the orange chair. Go past the kitchen  and climb up the stairs to your left. Stop on the second stair and wait.
Walk past the front desk and then down the hall to the left.  Then enter the shop to the right.
Walk through the open glass doors nearby Walk through the open door near the potted plant on a side table. Walk past the painting of a guitarist through the open door ahead. Walk into the room which has a sofa and coffee table.
on the desk of the food bar,under two lights,next to two stacks of books
The washbasin is in the bathroom.
The chair is in the balcony.
go straight down hallway and turn right into main entrance. Turn slight left next to table and walk right towards stairs. Turn left at stairs into double doors, stop in double doorway.
Walk passed the table and display board. Walk up the small set of stair passed the displace board that enter a large open room with office desks.
Go straight and then go into the last room starting from the left. Turn left and go into the closet. Wait there.
Turn towards the bed and walk out the door through the bedroom and wait facing the dining table.
Turn right and enter the bedroom. Cross the bedroom and turn right and stop at the door leading out of the bedroom.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left.  In front of the painting of the beach, turn right and into the bedroom.  Walk through the doorway on the right side of the bed and then stop just after stepping into the bathroom.
There is a tap on its left, and it face the big cabinet.
The decorations are in a living room.
Walk past fireplace. Walk past chandelier. Walk past fireplace. Wait at double doors.
on the second row of the bookcase, on the right of the television
Walk into the room ahead and walk around the sofa on the left. Continue past the piano and the dining table, through the doorway and into the kitchen. Wait just inside the entry way.
There are  some carpet inside the  cabinet  and a red suitcase in front of it .
Exit the bathroom, turn left, stop on the white rug.
Walk down the hall through the open door and underneath the stairwell above. Continue towards the room ahead with open glass walls. Walk to the small steps leading into the room with the glass walls.
Walk out of the kitchen and turn left. Walk past the table and chairs and turn left. Walk down the steps and left down the hallway. Stop in front of the table and chairs.
Go up the stairs and leave the bedroom. In the hallway take a left and go down the stairs. Stop on the third step from the top.
Walk straight through the walkway in between the chairs and stove. Stop in front of the washer and dryer facing the electric breaker box on the wall.
Leave the bedroom, and go straight. Take the left past the mirror. Stop outside of the bathroom.
Finish going all the way up the stairs and wait on the third step to the top.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Enter the bedroom through the first door on the right. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Pivot left, then turn right to walk down the hallway towards the leather chairs and away from the steps. Walk past several rooms to the end of the hallway where you can see two rooms. One with a large bathtub (on the left) and the other with a bed (on the right). Walk into the room on the right with the bed, but stop when you are standing just inside the doorway.
Walk around the bed go forward at the foot of the bed. With the patio on your right enter the bathroom through the door on the right. Stop in the bathroom across from the shower.
The book is placed in the hall.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Stop just past the three vertically stacked nature pictures on the wall to the left.
The washbasin is in a bathroom.
With the refrigerator to your left and the over behind you, exit the kitchen through the opening ahead of you and to the right. Once out of the kitchen, turn left and go forward until you can turn left again, to enter the hallway leading to the bathroom.
Exit through the tri-fold door, walk through the two sitting rooms and wait in TV room next to the kitchen.
Go into the room and exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and head toward the stairs. When you get to the stairs turn right and go into the office. Wait near the desk.
Walk behind the couch and past the chair. Walk through the room with the stairs and right through the double doors. Stop in front of the coffee table.
Exit the bedroom and walk forward toward the first doorway on your right.  Stop inside the door way.
above a trash can cocered by a plastic bag; below a mirror and near another mirror on the wall;
Go downstairs and wait at the bottom near the dining table.
Leave the room, turn left, walk into the bedroom, turn right, and enter the closet.
Walk down the hall towards the exit sign. Wait in the sitting area on the left.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Go up the small flight of stairs. Turn left and go up one more small set of stairs. Step into the doorway and wait.
The child-bedroom is next to the corridor on the second floor with a fireplace and a bathroom.
Go all the way down the stairs. Then turn right go past the checkered table go down the hall but stop right before the fireplace a stand next to the first black chair.
Turn around and walk past the long table and chairs.  Turn left at the end of the table and wait there before entering other doors/rooms.
Go through the wooden doorway to the right of the light switches. Stand in the doorway of the laundry room.
Walk inside and around the screen.  Walk around the dining table and turn left at the table with the horse statue on it and go through a doorway.  Stop just after stepping through the doorway.
Exit the room and turn left.  Proceed down the hallway to stand by the table near the end, to the left of the double doors.
Walk past the couch and bookshelf. Walk past the dining room table and turn left. Stop in front of the refrigerator.
The chair is in the kitchen on the first floor.
Continue down the hall with the sailboat art to your left. Turn left after the doorway. Stop in the bathroom doorway, next to the sink.
next the rounded and short table, below to three paintings
Turn around and enter the house. Enter the dining room. Wait in the entry way of the living room.
Turn right and walk through the kitchen area. Turn right and walk past the kitchen area towards the table and chairs to the left. Wait there.
Walk down hallway to right. Walk past hanging tapestry. Wait at next open door on the left.
facing a door, below a window
Exit the dining room and head toward the stairs. Keep going past the stairs and stop on the first step of the three steps leading into the hall to the left.
Walk down the hall to and turn left at the exit sign. Stop in the middle of the hall.
on second the shell of the cabinet,on the right side of the display
Go straight, past the double sinks.  Turn to the right and there will be a bedroom.  Wait right there.
The painting is near a white and brassy lamp and a green bed.
Go down the hall and turn left. Then go straight and turn right by the clock.
TURN TO THE RIGHT UNTIL YOU ARE FACING AN OPEN DOOR WITH A STRIPPED BED TO THE RIGHT AND A MIRROR TO THE LEFT, WALK THOUGH THE OPEN BEDROOM DOOR INTO THE HALLWAY, TURN LEFT AND FACE THE HALLWAY WITH STAIRS ON THE RIGHT, WALK FORWARD TO THE END OF THE HALL AND TURN RIGHT TO FACE AN OPEN BEDROOM DOOR WITH A TABLE AND A LAMP, WALK INTO THE BEDROOM.
The screen is placed in the hall.
When you get to the kitchen turn right. Exit the kitchen and walk toward the round table. Turn right when you get to the round table. Turn left on the second door and wait near the sink.
Walk down the stairs. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs and walk into the room with the wood stove. Wait near it.
Walk down the hall that is to the left of the refrigerator. Enter the bathroom through the last door on the right. Stop once you are past the door.
Walk down the hall through the double doors and wait in the doorway to the right.
Exit the kitchen to your right. Walk past the sofa and turn right then enter the theater room.
Move forward down the stairway passed the large picture which is on your right. Turn right at the first open doorway. Move forward into the open doorway.  Stop when you reach the center point of the open door.
Go past the fireplace and bookshelf and go through the pocket door archway. Make a left and go through the hallway until you reach the stairs. Wait at the foot of the stairs.
Turn left and head through the hallway.  Walk straight into the room.  Turn right and stop at the black chairs.
Go straight until you get to the office on the left #321. Wait there.
Exit the bathroom and wait in the bedroom next to the arcade game.
Walk forward and turn right, passing the ping pong table. Angle slightly left and walk towards the tables. Turn left and wait near the bookshelf on the left.
Turn right, walk towards the stairs, turn right, walk along the table, turn right, walk past the table, turn left, walk through the doorway, and wait.
The notebook is on a desk of the 302 office.
next to the glass door, under the switch
on the right of the television, beside the window, next to the sofa
This area connects with a gymnasium and has some decorations.
next to the window, on the door
The decorations are near a toilet and a dining room.
The sculpture is in a balcony.
There is a window behind the tap and a sink below
Turn right, enter the house, turn right, wait near the table.
The small wooden chair is put at the corner outside the living room in the porch ,under a black handicraft.
With the pool behind you, walk straight past the stairs until you get to the outdoor bar area with the marble counter tops.  Stop just before going through the door inside.
Walk to your right towards the wooden down arrow sign hanging from the ceiling. When you see the floor-length Impact Hub sign turn to your left. Walk over to the hammock and stand just in front of it.
Exit the bathroom and walk through the bedroom. Then stand near the entrance of the front door.
Turn left and walk through the garage, then step into the mud room.  Stand next to the entrance of the laundry room.
Walk into the kitchen area. Walk around the corner and to the right passing by the table. Walk into the open room with the circular side table with a potted plant. Continue into the living room area with the couches surrounding a fireplace.
walk past the fireplace to your left and enter the next room through the open door. Walk past the long white table on your right and stand in hallway on the next room. Stand next to the water fountain.
The picture in settled in a small and bright living room in the first floor.
With the painting of the mermaid towards your right, head straight. After passing the counter towards your right, turn right and wait.
Turn towards the left and walk across the living room. Turn to the right and enter through the doorway.  Stop in front of the potted plant.
The flowerpot is placed in a staircase.
on the right of a fire place, under a lamp
Walk toward and past the ping pong table. Continue in that direction until you reach the sofa with two green pillows. Stop in front of the table that is in front of that sofa.
The chairs are in a study.
pass through hallway, stop at door at end of hall.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and go up the stairs then turn left again and go up the stairs. Then walk straight until you see the marilyn monroe art on the wall on the right.
next to a tall plant, facing a small table
There is a book with the same material, shape, colour on its right and a round fan next to it.
Walk forward toward the stairs. Go to the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway to the right.
The area is next to the bathroom and the study.
The table is surrounded by four brown chairs and under a blue and white vase.
The washroom has one door and two washbasins.
Exit the bathroom and turn left.  Walk until you see a pool table and then stop at the end with the triangle.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the wooden churner and turn left. Walk to the right of the table and stop to the left of the painting.
The table is located on the balcony
Go down the hall directly in front of you and stop right in front of the tall green vase.
Walk through the large open walkway with wooden beamed roof trusses. Walk along the tiled walkway past the armchair area and tables with white table clothes. Walk between the first two benches near the entryway door.
Turn left and go forward a few steps and turn left to exit into the hallway. Once in the hallway turn right to enter the large room. Once in the large room, turn left and walk towards the large table with no chairs in front of the door leading outside. Stop once you reach the rug the table is on.
The lamp is inside the lounge.
The sofa is on the opposite side of a white corridor.
Exit the closet through the door opposite to the mirror into the bedroom, then turn right and exit the bedroom. Turn ninety degrees to the left and continue down the corridor past the stairs to your left, then enter the laundry room to your left.
next to the switch, on the first floor of the bookshelf
Exit the bathroom through the bedroom and into the hallway. Stop and wait near the sliding glass door.
Walk into the house and turn left. Walk past the couches and stop in the entryway on the left.
The bath is in a bathroom.
The area is above the kitchen and below the corridor.
The table is outside.
Walk away from the pool, past the exercise equipment and barbers chair. Once past the chair walk through the doorway on the right, and follow it to the left. Stop in front of the double sinks.
Leave the bathroom and stop right outside of the bathroom door.
Walk through the doorway, directly opposite of the window. Turn right after the doorway and walk towards the stair case, walk around the stair case on the farthest door on your left and stop.
The bed rested against a white wall with another identical bed beside it.
The chair is set on the right side of a stair and on the opposite side of the same chair.
Go forward though the door. Go over the rug and between the couch and chairs. Stop outside.
Turn to the left, go around the bed, and then out the door and past the exercise bike.  You'll stop at the top of the staircase.  Wait there.
The mirror is in the bathroom.
The bed is put at the center of big bedroomwhich is placed close to the balcony, opposite the wooden cabinet.
Walk forward past he living room, into the dining room. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
exit bathroom to hall, turn left and follow hall through archway into dining room. at table turn right enter hall. Stop at trash can and coat hooks.
walk forward then turn left, stop at the doorway.
The bed is near a brown wooden desk and a wooden dresser with a mirror, under a red blanket and two red pillows.
Head straight through the kitchen. Wait in the doorway exiting the kitchen.
There is a sink and toilet next to the mirror.
Go past the white couches and exit the room using the double doors. Turn left and go up three steps of the stairs.
Walk through the doors, past the table, and stop in front of the sinks.
Walk past the couch and turn left. Walk left past the counter and stop in front of the shelf.
Head downstairs and merge right, entering the room with the double doors.
The chair is settled near a beige leather sofa, in front of a black wooden screen and near a small black bookshelf.
Enter the room next door. Pass the table and chairs. Turn right into the kitchen then turn left and go into the laundry room. Wait by the sink.
The study connects with the outside and has a shelf with a clock.
Go up some tiled stairs and through a large foyer into a room with a piano, pass the front of the piano, and turn into an area with many shelves and wait.
under a pillow,in front of four screens and a wooden desk
Walk through entryway into dining room with the beige chairs and glass table. After you pass the table, turn left and go through doorway. Take the first left and wait in doorway of bathroom.
Turn sharply to the left. Walk away from the tables toward the hallway with the brick walls on both sides. Walk toward the large green vase with the paper rolls in it.
Walk through the open door near the guitar. Walk into the bedroom on the right at the end of the hall. Walk all the way through the bedroom and into the bathroom at the back and wait by the sink.
The telephone is between two beige sofa, near a beige desk and next to a white and brown lamp.
Go down the hallway to the left, and take a right into the doorway on the right and stop.
The jar is placed near a bedroom and a tearoom.
Walk towards the couch. Once in front of the couch, walk towards the window. Once in front of the window, wait there.
opposite the wooden door of this room. faced with the semi-circle part of the table.
Facing away from the door to the outside, turn left towards the stairs, turn right towards the back of the building, continue forwards on the left side of the table and chairs, turn left into small room, continue into room and behind the table and chairs, head towards opening on the right, stop in doorway.
Turn around and walk to the right of the grey couch. Wait at the top of the stairs ahead.
Move down the lefthand side of the very large table, and stop just before you reach the end of the table.
The toilet is set opposite to a white sink and near a brown and blue drawer.
Leave the bedroom, and enter the bathroom through the door on the left of the bed. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk around the living room and go into the kitchen. Stand next to the light switch that is between the counter and the dining room table and stop there.
Walk towards the tub, then turn right to go into the closet.  Walk past the dresser on your right toward the shoes, then go through the door on the right and stop in front of the sink.
The balcony is on the second floor of the villa, directly below the garden
Walk around the sofa and stop between the round table and the dining table.
Go straight  and till the wall to your right ends then take a hard right and stop right behind the couch.
The printer is set behind a yellow table surrounded by four chairs ,between two walls.
You will go to the right and through a doorway.  Walk past the red chair.  You will see an outside door.  Wait before you get to the doorway.
Walk through interior french doors. Walk past living room.Walk into library. Wait at radiator.
Turn left through the opening in front of you. Walk straight across the room past the tables and then stop in the doorway of the next room.
The sofa is set in a big and bright living room.
next to a white chair, below a ceiling lamp
Exit the bathroom and turn right down the narrow hallway just past the sink on your right. Just after you pass through a door opening, stop at the door opening that will be at your immediate right.
With the pool on your left walk straight and go through the tan and green patio chairs towards the stairs out of the patio stopping before you hit the mosaic at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk down the hall away from the balcony door. Stop in the last doorway on the left before the wall turns to the right slightly.
Walk down the stairs and straight into the dining room across from the stairs. Take a right into the kitchen Stop in front of the cabinet with glasses on the right.
Turn left and cross the door. Then go through the kitchen. Turn right passed the kitchen.
Cross the room between the white side table and the glass-topped dining table.  The dining table will be on your right.  Go through the doorway in front of you and stop once you pass through that doorway.
The courtyard is on the first floor and outside the livingroom.
Walk forward past the hot tub and stay on the path towards the doors. Stop in front of the door on the right before you enter the house.
The chair is set in the hall.
Move forward, turn left, walk through the hallway, enter the living room and wait near the white couch.
There is a bathroom  on the left of it
Cross the living room keeping the couch on your left. Continue past the black chair. Stand in front of the painting.
Exit the bathroom, walk down the hall, enter the bedroom, wait at the bed.
Walk up the small set of stairs in the living room.  Stay left and enter the door to your left.  Turn left down the hallway and enter the room.  Wait beside the white lamp.
under a paper,on the right of a mouse mat,in front of a pen rack
Exit the room and turn right into the bathroom. Wait by the toilet.
a room full of grey stripes.
Walk through the doorway, and take a right down the hallway. Stop once you reached the exit sign.
Leave the kitchen and head towards the round table. Take a left and stand next to the end table and the pink and green checkered couch.
across from the cabinet, next to the white lamp
Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom into the hallway.  Turn right and walk down the hallway until you reach a door on the right.  Go into the room with two beds and walk around them until you reach the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway between the bedroom and bathroom.
Exit the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Wait there.
on the table, in front of the fireplace
Walk towards the chair at the end of the long table. Turn right and begin walking towards the brick wall. Walk until you have reached the vase of white flowers and stop.
Walk away from the musical instruments.Turn the corner and walk through the door to the bedroom closest to the stairs. Then go into that room's closet.
Walk down porch slightly left to front door. Enter door and turn left, walk forwar 3 steps, stop before piano.
The door is located in a study.
Exit the bathroom toward the room then exit the room using the arch on the right. After this turn right  pass the stairs and turn right into that small hallway. Wait by the door that leads to the green bathroom.
Go through the doorway next to the refrigerator. Go in front of the door that leads outside.
Exit the closet toward the room then exit the room using the second door on the right and go into the other closet.
There is a brown cloth sofa put front facing the big white bookcase ,and a circle table put next to the balcony.
There are several different size sofas put in the living room and a median size mirror is installed on the wall.
With the building to your right, move forward, passing the double doors to your right, the picture window to your right, and finally stop just prior to an ornate door flanked by two windows on your right.
The fitness equipment is settled near a white and red bed and opposite to a rectangular painting.
With the window behind you and a solid wall to your right, move forward to exit the room. Upon exiting, turn ninety degrees to the left and move forward. Then turn ninety degrees to the right after entering the room. Move forward past two large circular tables to your left and a display case on your right while walking to the stairs leading downwards. Walk past the stairs with the stairs on your left and stop at the vaulted hallway on your right.
walk away from doorway towards foot of bed, turn right and walk past foot of bed exit bedroom, straight down hallway, stop before banister for stairs.
Go to the other side of the bed and stop and the en suite bathroom doorway.
Walk forward with the sink on your right and exit the room. Take a right and walk into the dining room on your left. Walk to the back of the room and take a right into the kitchen. Stand in the doorway to the kitchen.
Turn right to face the end of the yellow kitchen with a set of stairs on the right and a table on the left. Walk past the kitchen to the collection of doors at the end of the house. Walk though the door in the middle that has two pictures above it. The door leads to an empty room with a single window.
Head to the door on the left out of the bathroom.  Continue down the hallway into the bedroom.  Stop at the foot of the bed.
Exit the bedroom, and make a right. Walk past the double closet doors on the right. Enter the open bedroom door on the right. Walk past the bed on the left. Walk past the TV on the right. Wait at the threshold to the bathroom.
Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom. Go out of the bedroom through the patio door. Stop once you are on the patio.
Head out of the room and go to your left. Make the first right where the little door is. Go just past that door and wait in the doorway.
Start in the Bathroom, head straight into the bedroom take a left and walk around the bed, exit the room continue straight and take a hard left into the laundry room, and then stop.
Walk toward the round table. Pass the table and go up the stairs on the left . Turn right and wait near the chair.
Go through the living room on the right side of the house, then go down hall, to the end of hall then to the kitchen. Stop in the corner of the kitchen by the kitchen counter, near the window.
Go straight through the hallway and then turn right and stop by the large table with the chairs and the black and white striped rug.
Go down the stairs. Go into the kitchen that is to the left of the chair. Wait there.
Walk straight ahead toward the stairs. Wait on the second step.
in front of a chair, next to a bar counter
There is a sofa and a TV next to the attalea speciosa
between a box and a penholder, on the table
Facing a chair and a painting. right next the door.
Exit the bedroom and go up the small set of steps towards the kitchen. Keep going and turn left at the fridge, into the laundry room.
The sofa is to the left of the three sofas and to the right of the wall.
step inside the house.  turn right at black chairs and head straight past the sink and the outhouse. step inside room with desk.
The door is near a kitchen and a dining table.
Walk down the steps, turn left, walk forward past the large dining table and stop.
The picture is in a living room.
next to a table, next to a picture
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Enter the bedroom through the door on the right in the bedroom. Enter the bathroom through the door on the left of the bed. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk past the painting and through the large open doors, then head towards the round table with the plant on it. Stop once there.
Turn right and follow the path. Stop next to the desk.
Go into the door to the left of the stools and table. Pass the bed and stop near the night table on the right of the bed.
The office is on the side of a fork in the road and is opposite to an empty office.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk up the steps and walk into the gym. Turn right and walk out of the gym. Stop in front of the chairs.
Walk out of the room and across the hall into the doorway between the paintings and stop.
The jug is set in a big brown cabinet and near a gray and black bed.
Walk down the hallway, through the doorway of the room.  Keep walking down the hall with the half wall on your right and the pictures hanging on the wall to your left.  At the end of the half wall turn right and stop at the top of the stairs.
Exit bathroom, make a left, pass through office area, then exit to the outside area, and wait.
Go forward, walking on the rug.  Walk past the bed and stop just bed.
Turn left and walk across the room, through the double doors on the left. Walk across the hallway into the other hallway, and stop in front of the houseplant.
Turn around and go all the way down the stairs to your left. At the bottom of the stairs, go into the room to your right stopping before you reach the desk.
on the nightstand, on the left of the bed
The long table as a displaying shelf
Turn to the right and walk through the doorway. Continue to walk straight down the hall and when you reach the couch take a left. Wait by the table.
Walk past arched wall openings. Walk past folding wood table. Wait at stair landing.
The chairs are near a kitchen.
across the sofa, the TV is mounted on the wall
Leave the bedroom. In the hall go to the stairs. Go up two stairs and stop.
The massage bed is put in a gymnasium.
The wall is in the toilet.
You need to leave the massage room and walk straight into a pool room. Make a right at the end of the pool and walk past the treadmill, when you get to the bike turn right. Next, go inside the massage room and wait between the two beds.
Walk forward with the dining room on the left. Turn the corner and go through the door at the end of the hall. Take a right into the living room. Stop in the doorway.
Go inside and go straight until you get to the end of the hall and you can see a black couch on the right. Wait near there.
When you are behind the desk by the hallway go right and into the room with the projection screen. Now walk between the ping pong table and desk and wait by the small desk.
Turn right and proceed along the wall to the open door on your right.  Go through the door and turn right when you get to the glass case.  Proceed through that door and down the hall, stopping right before you get to the end.
Walk straight and wait in the entryway of the room on the right.
Exit bedroom, make a left then a sharp right, stop at the stair landing, in front of the glass door.
Walk down the hall and into the open room with the stairs. Walk over the glass part of the floor and through the doorway straight ahead. Turn into tho the room on the right and stop just inside the doorway.
Walk through the doorway on the right of the TV. In the foyer go through the door on the left. Enter the kitchen and take a right into the bathroom. Stop once you pass the door.
Turn left and exit the room out the door to the left of the TV. Once out turn left and walk along the railing. Stop halfway down the railing before you reach the stairs.
Exit the laundry room and walk to your left.  Go through the archway toward the kitchen.  Walk past the telephone and turn left into the first room on your left.  Walk through the second set of doors and stop next to the second wine shelf.
Walk out of the room with the toilet. Turn right and walk past the large bathtub. Continue walking out of the room with the large bathtub, past a small room with a sink and microwave. Enter the bedroom with the wooden floor and wait in the doorway.
Walk through the hall and across the room. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Stop in front of the chair.
Walk forward towards the door, and enter inside the house. Stop at the door mat.
Walk around the island past the sink and grill and stop behind the closest chair at the table.
Turn around and walk past the long table. Turn right and exit the room. Cross through the sitting area straight ahead. Once out of the sitting area. Walk to the bottom on the stairs to your left and stop.
below a cabinet, facing a door
Opposite the cabinet is the living room
Exit the room. Turn left and wait near the book case on the left.
They are just outside the toilet whose light is bright and is near the wooden frame.
The dustbin is placed in the hall.
near decorations, next to a potted plant
The bed is under a picture on the wall and next to the lamp.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to a large room. Turn left and pass the fireplace on the left. Exit the room using the door on the left. Wait there.
With the outside door behind you, keep walking straight until you enter a bedroom at the end of the hall.  Stop just after passing the doorway.
Exiting the bathroom, walk through the edge of the bedroom turning left to exit the room. Walk down the hall to the first door on your left. Wait in that doorway.
Exit the closet then turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to a desk with with two green chairs.
With the door to the outside directly behind you, move forward and turn left. Continue around to your left with the metallic, cylindrical wall to your immediate left until you reach the entrance to the restroom.
Walk from the kitchen towards the staircase and turn left. Continue past the sitting room on the left and walk down the hallway. Wait near the fireplace between the two lounge chairs.
There are pillows on the bed and there are tables on the left and right
Turn around and go through the door towards the pool table. Go passed the pool table and go through the door straight ahead and behind the brown leather sofa and stop.
The closestool is settled in a small washroom facing a bathroom.
Exit the room. Go up the stairs. Cross the room to the large glass windows.
Walk around the pool on the side closest to the building.  Turn right when you see an open glass door going inside and stop just before stepping into the doorway.  There will be an urn with some plants in it on your right.
Walk past the dinning room and enter the hallway.  Then turn left and enter the large bathroom. Wait at the bathroom door.
on the cabinet which is on the left of the television, next to the window
Exit through the room via door to the left of the big blue ball.  Walk past the dining table and turn right.  Walk to the round table with the four chairs around it.  Stop in front of the table so that the horse statue on the table is facing you.
Walk around the grey couch and stop next to the black leather chair behind it, near the bookshelves.
The chair is the third one in a row of chairs from right to left while facing to the chairs, behind a red leather sofa and opposite to a brown wooden desk.
Turn right and walk along the red carpet into the next room past the chairs and wait between both entrances.
Exit the room to the left through the big archway, go into the room and make a right and go along the white table and passed the couch, go towards the brown circle table and then make a right, take a step onto the rug and stop.
Exit the bedroom, and wait in the unfinished room on the right.
Go straight opposite the white door until you reach the pillar and then take a few steps passed the pillar towards the table and stop.
in front of another chair, in front of stairs
Leave the bathroom and go up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the staircase in front of the railing.
Walk parallel to the stairs.  Turn left at the painting of the face. Stop in the entrance of the room with the wine bottles.
Go down the hallway and stop inside the first bedroom.
The stair is in a dining room.
There are four wooden chairs directly below it.
Walk to the right down the walkway past the patio table. Wait in the gravel by the basketball court.
Walk so you are standing underneath the fan and then turn right.  Enter the door going inside and walk straight until you reach the head of the dining room table.  Stop behind the first chair you encounter.
Turn right and immediately right again.  Take another right into the bedroom.  Walk through bedroom and through the bathroom door.
The laptop is face a bed and behind a wall painting.
Move forward and to the right, continuing down that path until the brown couch. From there, move and out through the patio doors, stopping just outside.
The desk is put at the corner of the bedroom ,which is close to the glass door.
The vase is on the table. There are some flowers in the vase.
Move down the stairs and take a slight right. Then continue straight for a few feet and walk straight through the doorway into a bedroom. Then enter the bathroom and stop after about two feet, next to the towel rack.
Go downstairs, turn left and wait to the right outside.
next to the closestool, near the window
Exit bathroom, walk past the closet and exit the bedroom, go straight, and stop by the dressing cabinet.
The bedroom has decorations and a big mural on the wall.
The stool is settled in the corner of a bedroom with a balcony.
The home theatre is on the first floor and next to the livingroom and kitchen.
Walk under the stairs, and past the black leather bench. Make a hard right at the floor mat. Wait at the chair just inside the open door.
The chair is set in the middle of the bright dining room.
walk straight across living room into dining room. Stop before dinning table and chairs.
Go through the doorway and passed the other doorways. Go behind the couch and the grey chairs. Go to the entryway with the rug and turn left. Stop to the left of the stairs.
Walk through the living room and up the short set of stairs. Walk forward past the spiral staircase on your left and the white door on your left. Turn left and enter the bathroom on your left.  Wait in front of the toilet.
walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn right again and go down the next hallway. Walk into the bathroom and stop before the shower.
The chair is in a reception room.
Walk through the doorway, to the left of the table. Turn into the doorway, direclly left of the originally doorway you walked through. Stop immediatly as you walk through the doorway.
Turn to your left and walk up the stairs to the next floor.  Walk down the hallway that has plants.  Stop before going down the stairs to the bedroom.
The fruits are set on a metal bowl, opposite to a box of paper towel and next to a big gray cabinet.
Go straight and pass the bed. Then go left and exit the room. Wait by the beige couches.
You're in a kitchen.  Walk past the double ovens.  Turn left and walk towards the back of the counter.  Walk past the staircase.  Go to the door to the outside of the house.  Stop on the welcome mat and wait.
Facing the sink, go left. After passing through the archway, turn right and go past the stairs. Go around the right side of the dining room table and wait in the doorway of the kitchen.
Walk down the stairs and take a right. Walk past the table and into the hallway toward the door. Stop in front of the silver pillar with the door on your left.
Walk forward towards the glass barrier and turn left to walk down the hallway past the laundry area. Continue straight down the hallway passing the smaller bedroom (on the left) and two double doors (on the right). Proceed straight through the other double doors and into the larger bedroom. Walk a short distance through the doors, stop a few feet inside the doorway before you pass the black sculpture.
Walk into the home past the painting of a face. Turn into the hallway past the side table. Walk past the door to the kitchen area and continue down the hall walking into the bathroom ahead.
Go up the stairs and straight into the kitchen. Go through the door to the left of the fridge and stop near the sink.
The cabinet is set at a corner of the bedroom.
The cabinet is on a corner and near a clutter.
Exit the bathroom. Go past the bed and exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Go up the stairs and stop at the top next to the stuffed bear.
The area is next to the living room and  on the second floor.
Walk left between couch and chair to kitchen, turn left and walk around counter, go right past the refrigerator, wait there.
Turn around and head up the stairs, then turn right and walk down the hall. Stop at the bedroom entrance.
Walk through doorway passed the lockers and through second doorway, walk straight halfway through the room and stop.
From bedroom walk down hall and turn left at stairs. Stop on top of stairs.
in the middle of two lockers;below a long mirror with black rims;
Go through the kitchen and turn right into the room and make a sharp right and go through the door to the outside a few steps and wait.
Turn left walk across the bed and exit the room with the door to the right. Turn left and walk towards two black chairs and wait there.
vase In the living room
Walk in front of, and past the stairs. Turn into the last doorway on your right. Stop in the hall with a door on your right and left.
Walk through the door to the left of the fireplace. Take a slight right to walk up the stairs. Wait on the first landing of the red stairs.
walk down the hallway past the back of the couch on your right. continue through arched doorway, walk through doorway straight ahead, turn right and stop in front of small desk.
Table near the balcony
around the table, on the carprt, facing the washroom and first from left
Take a walk over the the long hallway with all the windows that is just past the pool table.
Walk through the hallway past the bedroom and into the dining room area. Walk past the dining room table with chairs tucked under. Continue into the hallway on the other side of the table and into the bathroom near the end of the hall.
Walk toward the pool when you get to the pool turn left and head toward the house. Go into the house using the double glass doors then wait by the large table with chairs and the chandelier.
Walk forward toward the blue furniture and take a left. In the main room go out of the main door on the right. Stop once you are outside.
Take a right and walk down the stairs. Take another right and wait by the refrigerator.
Exit the bathroom. Go straight and slightly right to continue down the hallway. Wait near the bar with the stools/chairs.
turn left and walk towards opening on the right. Enter large hall. turn left towards short stairs. Go up short staircase and stop at the top between another set of stairs.
Keep walking straight out the door you are facing and straight across the next room and enter the hallway and stop.
Go to the landing and turn right up the stairs. Go straight through the dining room and wait in the kitchen.
Go straight into the room then turn left and when you get to the bed turn left and go out the room then turn left on the room next door and wait there in the closet.
under the television,in front of the sofa
Go through the doorway, down the hallway over the rug, and stop at the end of the hallway and wait.
The towel is placed next to the mirror and sink.
Walk to the left of the desk towards and turn slight right to walk in front of the green couch. Continue around the couch towards the leather chairs and walk down the hallway on the far right. Turn left at the doorway with red walls and stop in front of the staircase leading downstairs.
Go down the stairs and turn right.  Walk parallel to the stairs and past the pool table and stop in the doorway of the bedroom to the left of the arcade machine.
hung on the wall, above the sofa
Exit the kitchen toward the stairs, go up the first flight of stairs, wait on the landing.
Walk out of the exercise room and into the kitchen and turn right. Walk through the kitchen and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn right and walk toward the stairs. Walk up to the second step and stop.
The vase is next to a toilet and a kitchen.
Exit bedroom. Walk straight passed the bed and exit room. Turn left and walk towards the staircase. Stop on the second step from the bottom.
Walk forward down the hallway. Go down the next hall past the sitting area. Take the first right into the bedroom and stop once you are past the door.
Exit the room. Turn right. Turn right and go out the double doors that lead to the outside.Wait there.
Walk through the doorway to the right of the leather chair, walk straight down the hallway and take a right through the double doors, take a right at the end of the hallway and stop in front of the white set of doors.
Walk past the fixtures and table and chairs. Turn right past the bathtub. Stop just inside the doorway.
next to a phone, in the corner of the table
Turn and go up three steps entering a hallway. Go straight down the hallway then enter the first room on your right. Wait in doorway close to the sink.
Turn around and enter the house. Turn right and then turn immediately right again. Stop near the lightswitches.
Walk forward with the wall on your left. Walk to the door to the house and stop.
Leave the closet and take a right into the bedroom. Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Go straight and take the third left. Stop in the laundry room next to the counter.
Walk forward toward the plant. Take a left and go down the hall. Take the first right into the room, and take a left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Exit the sitting room, walk through the kitchen, enter the dining room, wait at the armoire.
Walk forward with the elevators on your left. Go through the door on your right and enter the third door on the left. In the room stop just past the door.
Locate the stairs. Travel to the right of the stairs and into the room with lots of white chairs. Turn left and enter the room with a large mirror.
Exit the room and turn right.  Move forward past the staircase and wait in the entrance to the bedroom.
Turn around and go down the flight of stairs. At the bottom, step out into the hallway and wait by the doorway next to the Dirty Dancing poster.
Go into the room on the right side of the mirror.  Walk through the room and pass the two beds.  At the foot of the second bed, turn right into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the shower.
The mirror is placed next to a bedroom and a tearoom.
The kitchen is next to a small storeroom and there is a road outside.
The area connects with a bedroom and near a toilet.
Leave the room, and take a right. Go straight ahead into the next hallway. Stop before you reach the doorways to the bedrooms.
Go through the en suite bathroom and wait in the doorway to the second bedroom.
Turn around and pass the couch on your right.
Exit the shower and turn left. Walk past the bathtub and wait in front of the bedroom doorway.
The computer is set on a yellow table and next to a window.
the rest room is next to open-balcony and a living room.
Walk towards the hall past the staircase. Go up the steps on the left, down the hall and wait in the bedroom at the top of the second set of steps.
The switch is near a white sink and three mirrors.
Leave the room and take a right. Go straight through the door across the room. Make a left at the  end of the screen and wait between the screen and wicker chair.
Turn left and walk down the stairs. Stop near the bottom stair.
Leave the kitchen and take a left into the living room. In the living room walk up the stairs. Walk into the door on the left of the bookcase. Stop in the doorway to the sitting room.
The table is in the corner of a bedroom on the first floor.
At the foot of the bed, walk outside of the room and around the left side of the billiards table.  Walk past the chairs and stop in the doorway of the bedroom opposite the room where you started.
Walk straight until you get to a room straight ahead. Wait near the bed.
Leave bathroom and enter bedroom, go straight and exit bedroom, in the hall take first door to the right and enter sitting room. Stand next to the tv.
Pass a small closet down a long hallway, and stop at the end of the hallway after you pass a bathroom.
Leave the porch and make a right then walk down the hall and wait in the entryway of the kitchen.
Walk through the glass door.  Circle to the left and wait at the base of the stairs with the metal handrail.
Go straight to exit the room. Turn right and go down the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Wait near the bed.
Walk toward the pool. Go inside through the door close to the pool with two chairs on either side of it. Continue straight and stop once you get to the long wooden dining table with six chairs.
Turn left to walk down the hall toward the exit. Wait in the last doorway on the right.
You need to go inside the bedroom and through the doorway on the far right of the room. Then walk through the bathroom and wait in the doorway of the bathroom in front of the bedroom with the black bed.
Walk through the living room passed the couches. Walk past the open entryway. Walk up the stairs ahead to the second level of the home.
next to the glass door, on the left of the table, there are three pillows on it
Walk into the second doorway on the left. Turn right and walk into the hallway and stop.
Walk out the double doors near the fireplace. Walk down the hall. After passing two doors on the left, turn left into the living room. Stop near the white chair before the sofa.
Make a left at the mirror. Walk through the hallway to the second place you can make a right. Make a right, then stop at the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom. From the hallway, enter the first door on the right. Wait at the top of stairs.
Enter the building and walk through the dining area. Wait in the doorway under the mounted deer head.
Turn left and walk along the long table. At the end turn right and exit the room. Turn left into the hallway and walk to the last door on your right. Turn and stop facing in the door to the bathroom.
Exit the empty room and take a left. Wait next to the exit sign.
Walk straight all the way towards the door right in front of you that has grey big sofas visible on the outside. Stop in front of the door.
turn right and walk through the kitchen.
walk through the kitchen in the direction of the table and chairs, walk through the arched doorway. Continue walking out of the dining room and turn to your right. Continue walking behind the curved couch. At the end of the curved couch you'll see another doorway to your right, enter that doorway into the gym space. Walk into the exercise room and out through the first set of doors on the left. Stop once you've reached the outdoor patio that is outside of the exercise room.
Go straight and enter the doorway on the left. Turn right and enter the room with the washing machine. Turn left and enter the closet. Turn left, go through the doorway, and enter the bathroom.
Go down stairs. Follow the glass railing to the right and go down stairs. Go left into dining room and stop at dining room table.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right at the stair case and walk up to the third step and stop.
Go straight passed the furniture and stop by the fireplace.
Stand so the stairs are on your left and walk straight past the kitchen area, passing by four bar stools facing the kitchen island.  After passing the kitchen area, stop just to the right of the three framed artworks placed vertically on the wood wall on the right.
Walk straight to the edge of the open door. Walk through the open door. Make a left at the open door frame.
Exit Nerolie, turn right through the glass door, and go straight passed the first doorway on the right and then step into the next doorway on the right and stop.
Go down the hallway through the door. Move through the second door on the right and stop next to the water heater.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk up two steps, then turn through the door on your right and stop.
Turn around and exit the room. Turn right and go past the stairs. Keep walking straight and stop in the middle once you past the bar.
The photo is near a brown table surrounded by four brown chairs, near a small vase and near two paintings.
next to the bed and another lamp with the same shape and color, next to the window with red curtains
Exit room with toilet and walk towards the sink. Turn right in front of the sink. Walk passed the shower and the second sink. Walk into the bedroom and stop near the door.
Go left through the room, go straight towards the stairs, go passed the stairs on the right and go slightly left into the hallway, go through the hallway and wait near the first chair on your right.
Hand door is in the bedroom.
Walk out of the bedroom, slightly left down the hallway. Turn slightly right towards the flight of stairs. walk past the stairs onto the rug and turn left. Walk through the doorway to the outside and stop once you are past the black mat.
Enter the atrium and wait by the large bouquet of flowers.
Walk down the hallway and continue going around the curve.
The television is in a bedroom.
Walk forward to the two exercising machines.
Go up the stairs and into the main work place. Walk along the right and pass the conference room with the window wall. Take a right after the conference room, and stop in the doorway.
The lamp is set in the lobby.
Turn around and head towards the table. Turn right and head between the couches. make left and turn right towards the refrigerator. Finally follow down the hall way , turn right at the door and stop once you  reach the door.
The flower is placed on the table next to the sink.
Walk to the left of the table, continue straight. Stop before going outside.
Exit porch and go up stairs. Wait at rocking chairs.
Walk past the piano and left down the hall to the left of the shelf. Stop just inside the entryway.
Walk forward and out the door straight ahead. Once out, turn left and then enter the bathroom door on the left. Stop in the doorway.
next to the trash can, next to the small table, on the left of the door
Walk through the doorway directly opposite of the large mirror on the floor. turn left and walk past the black bench towards the fireplace. Turn left at the fireplace walk past the double doors and past one long table covered with white linens. Stop in the doorway on your right.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk into the bedroom and stop.
The plate is set in the livingroom.
Turn around to walk out of the closet towards the mirror and hallway. Turn right to walk towards the stone floored area. Walk forward into the stone floored area and towards the zebra picture. Turn left and then immediately right to walk into the short hallway with the long glass topped table. Walk forward down this hallway toward the small tan fabric and dark wood chair. Turn right to walk through the small door into the laundry area. Stop when you are right inside this area, right next to the door handle and facing the sink and washer/dryer.
The sofa is beside the window and door.
Exit the room from the right door. Pass between a chair and double doors and go through a door with a horse shoe over it. Turn right and when you get to the glass doors that lead out to the patio wait there.
Go across the room opposite the brown door, make a sharp right turn, and take a step into the laundry room and stop.
Turn right and pass the dining table. Pass the white desk and go through the doorway on the left. Go forward toward the rug. Turn right and go toward the stairs. Go up 2 steps. Stop there.
The sofa is in a big and bright living room.
Walk straight past the glass table with white chairs then turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Go and stand in the doorway of the room next to the long wooden table that is empty aside from one plant.
Walk towards dining table.  Wait by bowl of fruit.
the living room is near a dining room , a kitchen and a corridor.
step out of the bathroom and go straight. take a left after the beverage bar.
Go down the narrow hall which is to your right past the refrigerator.  Go through the first doorway, then turn right and wait in the closet doorway to the left.
With the beds to your left, move forward to exit the room, then turn right and go forward until you enter the kitchen.
The towel hung on the cabinet and beside the sink.
Enter the bedroom doorway. Locate the desk on the left and travel left of it until you reach the door on the left. Travel through the doorway and turn right. Stop at the entrance to the room with the washer and dryer.
Turn left and walk towards the items. Turn right walk across the room. Turn left again walk across the room again. Wait at the doorway.
Exit bathroom to bedroom.Turn right and enter hall from bedroom. Stop in hall on door mat.
Go right down the hallway, then right at the chair wait once you enter the laundry room.
Leave the room and take a right. Walk straight past the kitchen and into the living room. Go down the first three steps and stop.
Walk along the path beside the hot tub.Go between 4 pillars, and stop in front of the door to the inside.
The bashroom is next to a gym and is connected with a bedroom.
Exit sink area and take a slight right toward the door. Exit the room. Walk through the double doors directly to the right. Walk toward the Elevators and wait near the front desk.
Walk through doorway and turn right. Walk straight and go through the next doorway. Walk forward and then turn right. Wait by the reception desk.
With the painting of the seascape to your right and the farm scene to your left, go forward, then through the arched opening to your left. Upon entering the kitchen, go to the right and past the kitchen. Looking ahead, you'll see a fireplace. On the same wall as the fireplace, there will be an arched opening to the left of the fireplace. Head to that opening and go through it. After passing through the arched opening, go through the door opening to your left.
Turn to the left and go down the stairs.  When you get to the bottom of the stairs, turn left and walk down a hallway.  Turn to the left immediately and walk towards the grand piano.  And stop there, wait.
The bench is placed against the wall below the picture facing the door.
Walk around the circular glass panels to the right and continue down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, turn left and wait in front of the glass table.
Exit the room then turn right. Go straight until you get to a door on the right. Wait there.
in front of the class wall and curtain,on the desk and on the left of the phone
Leave the bathroom and bedroom. In the hallway take a right. Take the first right into a bedroom. Stop in front of the door.
Turn left at the counter and walk across the room. Go through the double doors and wait by the cabinet.
Enter the home from the side door then go down the hallway straight into the next room, stopping before reaching the door on the left to the bathroom.
Walk past the chairs and up the steps. Wait in the first room on the left.
Exit the office then turn left. Go down the hallway then turn left and go into room 343. Wait there.
The sofa is in the bedroom.
Turn left and exit the room. Turn hard right and walk towards the treadmills. Wait by the first treadmill.
Walk forward towards the door and turn right. Turn left and walk forward. Wait in front of bathroom.
There is a lamp in the corner and the living room connects with a study.
Stand so the indoor area is to your left and walk straight down the patio, past the table and chairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs going down at the end.
Go past the couches and turn slightly right to go into the hallway. When you see the round rug go into the room that is on the right and wait near the table with chairs.
Walk into the TV room. Exit onto the balcony. Stop next to the first gray armchair.
Go out of the room and turn left. Go into the next room on your left. GO in and wait to the right of the screen with rocks at the bottom.
Walk past the bed towards the open door. Turn right and walk through the door and stop near the edge of the tile floor by the couch.
You will turn to the left and then quickly to the right.  You'll walk down a hallway.  Just before you come to the stairs, you will enter a room with a blue couch.  Wait right there.
Move past the staircase on the right wait in the narrow hallway between the two paintings on the wall.
Exit the room and turn right and walk down the hallway over the rug.  Stop at the very end of the hallway after passing the stairs.
The sink is on the table and beside the vase.
Turn around and exit the bedroom. Turn slightly left and descend a few steps down the stairs.
exit hall to large room. walk slight left between two tables. turn slight right and walk to wall with chairs along it. turn left and take 3 paces. turn right and enter hallway . Continue straight and stop when you reach room at the end of hall.
behind a keyboard and a telephone and on the left side of a yellow note
Walk up the stairs. Take a left and walk up more stairs. Take a right and walk up more stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Leave the bathroom and take a left past the pool table. Walk straight and go up the stairs, stop on the second stair from the top.
Walk outside and past the four chairs on the deck.  When you get to the table, turn left and stop in the doorway of the room with the fur rug.
Walk through the tiled room past the padded benches. Continue past the bathroom and table along the wall with white table cloth. Walk through the open entry way ahead with the floor rug.
Walk from the small pool and make a left so you are in front of the pool then make another left so you are in front of the big pool. Walk straight to the black door and wait inside the door.
Go up the stairs then turn left and go all the way down the hallway until you enter a room. Wait near the white vase with the white flowers.
Walk around the chairs and exit the room to your left. Walk to the last bedroom on the right and stop in the room beside the chairs.
Turn around and go passed the large painting on the wall.  Go through the door on the left and stop by the white couch.
the rest room is in a big bedroom which is in the end of a corridor and near a open-balcony
Go right all the way down towards the wall. Take a right and ro towards the room with the tub.
Exit the room and move down the hall. Take a left at the first opportunity and then stop in front of the door.
Go into the big room towards the table and then to the right, at the circle table turn right and go towards the tall mirror, make a left and go into the archway and then turn right into the grey doorway and stop.
The photo is in a bedroom.
Walk past the square mosaic and go right down the hallway.  Go through the opening in the 11 o'clock position and into the room with the three beds.  Stand so they the beds are to your left and the mirror is in front of you.  Walk into the room to the right of the mirror and stop in the doorway.
The chair is placed under a yellow table and near a shelf.
Walk to the bathroom door and wait just outside the doorway.
Exit the bathroom, then the bedroom and turn right. Go across the landing and through the archway. Turn sharp right and wait in the bedroom.
Go straight down the hallway and turn left at the end of the hall. Continue and stop at the start of the right side.
The picture is hung on the wall above the toilet.
The picture is beside the lamp and bed.
Exit the bedroom via the door. Take a left then enter the bedroom door to the right. Wait there.
leave bathroom, turn right and walk straight down hall to stairs, turn left and take one step, stop on stairs facing up stairwell.
Turn left and walk past the bed, turn right at the dresser, and then turn right again and walk into the bathroom.  You'll stop by the shower door and the sink.
walk past the washer and dryer and exit the laundry room. Turn left and proceed next to the dining table with a wooden bench and stop.
Turn left and walk to the top of the stairs. At the top, turn right and walk to the end and make another right. Then enter the door on the left and stop once inside.
Walk towards giant archway, and enter home.  Wait inside of front door.
This living room is very neat and white.
Enter hallway from laundry room. Turn left and walk to kitchen. Turn left at kitchen counter. Walk through living room to glass wall. Stop before outside bar.
The desk is settled between two red and brown chairs, oppposite to a tall wooden carbinet and behind a round wooden table.
Turn to your left and go through the door, then go passed the bed and go to the left door and enter.
Walk past the chairs and walk in the front door.  After entering, walk to the sitting area to the right at your 2 o'clock position.  Step on the carpet in front of the window and in between the couch and chairs.
The picture is in a big living room.
Exit the laundry room and go into the kitchen. Go to the small dining table.
The picture is next to the door against the wall in the bedroom.
Go down the stairs to the next level. Walk forward to the rug next to the dining table. Stop once you step on the rug.
on the right side of the phone and the desk,above a dustbin and in front of the curtain
exit the bedroom then turn to the left. stop near the big glass table.
Leave bathroom and walk to end of hall, turn left and wait in empty room.
Leave the dining room through the door to the right of the dining table.  Walk past the but and enter the doorway on the opposite from where you started.  Stop when you are standing in this doorway into the room with the round couch.
Walk down the stairs, veer left and wait by the bar.
Walk out of the dining room and into the living room. Go up the two steps leading out of the leaving room and make  a right in the hallway. Walk down the hallway go into the second room on the right. Wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
The shutter is near a bathroom.
Enter the bedroom and go around the bed. Go to the closet on the far wall on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Walk through the door, into the door diagonally from you and stop at the table in the next room.
Walk across the room and stand next to the patio set.
Turn around and head through the kitchen. Stop before going outside.
on the right wall of the washroom;
Walk toward kitchen and ascend stairs and wait on fourth step.
Sink is in the toilet.
Walk forward and enter the hallway with the paintings. Keep walking straight all the way to the end when you reach the picture of 2 children. Turn right and stop when you enter the bedroom.
With the couch on your right walk forward through the living room and through the door out onto the patio stopping just outside of the door.
Leave meeting left across room with many desks and chairs and stop near sofa with pallet coffee table.
exit the room and go straight down the hall. Wait at the end of the wall with stones.
Continue up the stairs. Go straight through the doorway and into the bedroom.  Turn to the left and go past the chair.  Go out the doorway to the rooftop.  Walk through the door and then stop.  Wait.
Turn around and walk into the living room. Walk out of the living room and into the dining room and wait there.
Walk past the tub and the bed. Exit the room using the door on the right. Wait near the couches on the left.
Walk down the narrow hallway beside the stairway and go into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Make a slight left and go into the narrow door that goes to the room with benches at the windows. Go into the room and wait.
Walk up the stairs and turn hard right. Turn left through the kitchen and stop near the window wall.
Walk into the hallway and past the plant through the double doors. Walk to the right of the couch and past the fireplace. Stop just inside the bathroom.
It has a roof above it and a floor-to-ceiling window next to it.
Walk up the two small sets of stairs.  Walk past the abstract painting and wait by the bathroom doorway on the right.
The stool is in a small reception room with the sign 365.
Walk past the movie posters, through the theater room and wait outside on the balcony.
Go straight until you go into the room. Wait near the dresser.
Go down the stairs, and go left. Take another left into the dining room. Stop behind the first dining chair.
Walk past the sectional sofa on the left. Walk between the TV on the left and the bar stools on the right. Make a left in front of the garbage bin on the floor. Wait in the door threshold near the garbage bin.
Walk straight out of the closet and take the last right into the kitchen. In the kitchen stop next to the first counter on your right.
next to a green plant, next to a piano
Walk straight past the stairs and stop in front of the set of windows on the left by the sitting area.
Walk down the hallway., at the bottom of the stairs turn right, walk into the dining room and stop.
The area is across from a fireplace and near a kitchen.
Turn around and walk past the kitchen island.  Veer off to the left, and head towards the open area that is an outdoor seating area.  Wait there.
Exit bathroom, turn right. walk down hall and stop at other bathroom.
Exit the restroom, then take a left and walk to the painting. Then turn right, and stand in the doorway.
walk away from the bed and through the doorway, down the hallway to the left. There will be metal vine art hanging on the wall on the right. walk slightly to the right past three identical chairs and through the doorway on the left. Stop in front of the two mirrors.
Exit the bedroom and stop at the top of the stairs.
two shower cubicles by side of the long hallway.
Walk past the zebra painting and into the room. Walk left and stop in front of the animal print bench.
Leave the room and go right.  Walk past the bar and stop in the center of the big open room.
Walk past the dining table and refrigerator and turn left after going through the archway.  Stop in front of the closet.
The mirror is near the bathroom and bedroom.
Leave the media area, and walk past the orange recliner. Walk up the stairs and stop one you are the top of the stairs.
Walk down the 2 flights of stairs in front of you. When you get to the bottom look to your left. Walk a couple of steps and turn to your left again. Walk straight to the piano in the living room.
Go up the stairs. Go toward the dining room table and wait on the edge of the blue rug next to the sculpture.
With the empty room behind you walk into the open area and take a left. Take the last right and walk straight into the sitting room ahead. Stop just before you are on the rug.
Turn around and walk across the long black rug. At the other side, exit out the door to your left. Walk outside and stop to the left of the blue chairs facing the outdoors.
There is a set of sofa and table outside the door.
Go left out of the bathroom the go in the first door on the left down the hallway. Go right into the bathroom and stand in the doorway.
Turn around 180 degrees. Continue to go straight forward for about two meters. You will pass through a kitchen area with wall ovens.
Walk into the building. Go to the first doorway on the left. Stop.
Walk past television. Walk past bed. Wait at floor lamp.
Go straight and pass the table and go straight into the other room. Go straight and pass the couch and go into the other room and go up the stair to the second step.
Walk out of the doorway and into the hallway. Make a left and walk down the along the Glass partition walls Walk through the doorway straight ahead where the hall splits off. Their are two desks through the doorway with office tables.
Turn and walk out of the room passed the Christmas tree. Walk through the living room towards the fire place and through the door on the left and stop in the bathroom.
Turn left and head towards the table game. Make a left at the door. Head inside the bedroom and walk towards the bathroom. Stop at the entrance of the bathroom.
Pass the piano and go up the steps. Turn left and go down the steps. Wait near the round mirror on the left wall.
Move forward down the hallway, past the open double doors. Make a right and go around the stairs.  Enter the room on the left past the bear rug.
The living room is on the first floor and next to a study.
Go straight past the bed and then turn to the left and go out the door.  When you get to the hallway, go to the stairs and turn right.  You will be ready to enter the den, you'll see a blue couch.
The towel hangs on the shelf and is on the left side of the pool.
Walk down the stairs and when you get to the bottom, walk to the left of the chair and table in front of you, towards the kitchen.  Walk into the kitchen and stop when the end of the counter, for the breakfast bar, is on your left.
The pillows are near a toilet.
Enter house and walk straight down hallway. Turn left at two chairs and walk towards stairs. Turn slight right at stairs to living room. Walk slight left behind couches to stairway. Stop on 2nd stair.
walk straight passed bathtub and stop with closet on the left and toilet on the right.
The computer is near a toilet and a dining room.
Turn right and go down the hallway. Pass the oven on the left and turn left. Wait in that hallway.
Exit the bathroom passing the sinks  Exit out to the main lobby and wait.
enter room with christmas tree, walk across room between two chairs turn right at stairs and enter sitting room, stop on circle rug.
pass behind chairs and toward table, turn left and stop at corner of couch.
Turn right and walk into the large room. Turn left and walk straight ahead past the tables and chairs. When you reach the table in the middle of the room with no chairs, turn left and walk outside and stop.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Pass the bed and pass the yellow couch. Go into the door that has two candles on each side and wait by the towels on the wooden piece of furniture.
The mirror is in the bedroom
The shutter is set in front of a white and brown bed and two small black tables.
Walk around the hot tun and enter the first door past it. In the house take a right into the are with the bed. Stop next to the window before you reach the rug.
The bath is near a corridor, on the opposite side of a narrow empty room which has two wooden doors.
Walk toward ping pong table. Walk to the right of the ping pong table. Stop by the white bucket.
Wait at the other end of the pool.
The lamp is on the table, beside the sofa.
in front of a table, in the fifth layer of the shelf
next to a washbasin, against a wall
Walk into the building and past the stove and refrigerator and stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk past the drinking fountain and turn right, walking into the large room. Turn slightly left and walk past the long table on the left. Continue forward, past the long table on the right. Turn left and wait near the black leather bench.
Leave the room and walk left.  Walk straight across the open area; past the table, sitting area, and keyboard until you enter the room at the end with the purple walls.  Stop at the foot of the bed.
Exit the room and head down the hall, turning right, then left, then right.
The light is set in a tearoom.
Go to the end of the counter, turn left, beside the double chest of drawers turn left, go straight, stop beside the large snail on the floor.
Exit the room using the door on the left then turn left and go into the room next door then turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the toilet.
Walk up the stairs and turn left passing the big statue and the wooden chair. Walk up the next set of stairs and stop there.
There is a dark color carpet placed on the floor of living roomand there are several sofas placed in it.
The bathroom is the small one which is detached and close to the hovel , opposite a small bedroom.
Walk straight until you get to stairs on the right. Go up the stairs. Wait three steps to the top.
Walk past the printer and go all of the way down the hallway.  When you reach the "exit" signs, turn left and walk down the hallway.  Stop in front of the last wooden door on the left.
Go through the two doors and move right down the hall. Go through the next two doors and stop just inside the room.
the study room is near a balcony and a stair
Move down the staircase and continue forward down the hallway. Enter the bedroom through the door and wait in the doorway.
Walk through the locker room and take a left in the open area. Take an immediate left into the locker room. Go into the bathroom on the right and stop in the doorway.
Walk back into the house towards the dining table. Walk past the dining table and make a left. Walk into the hallway and make the first right into the kitchen.
Walk past the pool between the water and the gray pool chairs, wait at the doorway to the office.
The balcony is in front of the courtyard with a swimming pool and have two French door.
Walk between the white and the brown chairs. Go towards the bookshelves with the ladder and stop half way past it.
Walk forward past the bookshelves on the right. Then wait by the two black chairs on the left.
Head into the hall way and turn left. When you reach the open office door turn right down a hallway. Travel down the hall until you reach an open entryway to another hallway on your left. Wait there.
The bathroom is next to the dining room and the study on the second floor.
Walk straight and pass the table with the phone in the hallway. Continue straight until you get to a stairs going up. Wait there.
The chair is on the left side of a short brown table and in front of a window.
Walk out the doorway, the one closest to the bed. Walk straight down the hallway, past the stairs and walk in the first room on the right.
The painting is opposite to a blue and white painting and near a gray and black bed.
The bar has stairs in the corner and connects with a gymnasium.
You need to leave the room with the water tanks and make a right just outside the door. When you get next to the sink wait.
some potted plant inside the vase, on a small black table, in the middle of two chairs
Walk through the hallway passed the windows to outside. Walk down the hall passed the paintings. Walk towards the door at the end of the hallway and go through the door on the left side. Walk passed the floor rug and armchair and into the bedroom area.
The bed is in the middle in a bedroom on the second floor.
Go through the room out of the bathroom, go into the bedroom make a right through the bedroom through the door and wait just outside that door.
Walk straight ahead past the blue chair and out the door. Once you are out of the door, turn right and enter the door straight ahead. Stop in the center of the room.
The meeting room is connected with a corridor leading to the lobby and behind a stairway door.
Go straight and turn left. Go towards the grey carpeted area and turn left. Go down the hall and go through the door on the right. Then stop near the tubes.
Go forward into the foyer. Veer left, and go up the stairs. Stop on the landing in front of the bronze statue.
next to the glass door, near the stove
Turn around and enter the house. Walk the past the fireplace and enter the hallway. Walk down the hallway and turn left at the bathroom. Then enter the bathroom.  Wait near the shower.
Go upstairs and down the hall, past the double doors. Wait in the bedroom near the white striped chair.
Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn left at the exit sign and enter the next room on the right. Stop here.
Turn around and go down the stairs. Turn left and continue passed the tables. Stop near the counter.
on the table, next to the vase, next to the photo
Facing the front door, go slight right into the archway to the left of the fridge, turn right into the bathroom, then turn left, then facing the mirror go into the doorway to the right and then stop.
walk around the bed, take a right. Walk to the doorway, take a right. Walk past the staircase, stop in front of the bathroom.
Turn slightly left and walk along the hallway. Walk through the doorway north of you and wait there.
Walk straight across exercise room to archway on the right next to picture.on the wall. Walk towards sinks. Stop at plant on the wall.
Walk straight in from the balcony and make a right. Make a left past the pillar and wait between the pillar and the leather couch.
Go inside. Turn left and go past the fancy chairs and the glass table then turn right. Go down the hallway and turn right. Go into the laundry room. Wait near the sink.
Walk toward the fireplace. pass it and then go straight into the room on the left side. Wait near the table and chairs.
Head up the stairway. Make a left on the landing after you have finished going up stairs. You'll see a walkway lined with a wooden railing. Continue down the landing path. End right before the ball catcher and the end of the walkway.
Exit the room and turn hard right into the hallway to its end. Stop and wait near the partition.
Exit the bathroom to the room then exit the room using the door on the left then turn left and head down the hallway then turn left on the next room and wait by the bed.
Walk past the piano and wait in front of the middle pillar.
Head straight past the stairs to the end of the room, turn right through the door, then turn right again. Stop by the rug.
Walk inside the room and turn to the right. Walk out the door next to the tall painting on the wall. Turn to the right and head outside through the first door. Stop in front of the shrubbery outside the door.
Turn around and walk through the dining room then turn right and stop in the kitchen.  Wait by the sink.
Go to the last tank Go to the door Go to the left of the plant Go to the sink.
Turn right at the top of the stairs and walk down the hall. Stop just inside the bedroom.
The chair is near a beige leather sofa and on the right side of the black bookshelf in the direction facing the wooden doors.
Walk away from the meeting room doors. Walk through the tables and wait at the temporary wood/fabric wall towards the very back of the room.
With the kitchen behind you, walk straight until there are stairs on your right.  Walk up these stairs and then turn right again on the landing and go up the rest of them.  Stop at the top.
Exit living area, turn left head up stairs. Stop at the landing.
Walk across the hallway and turn slightly left by the painting. Walk up a few steps on the stairs and wait there.
The reading room is across to the number 05 meeting office and some boothes and behind the restaurant.
The sofa is in a living room with many pictures.
The pillows are against the wall and  facing a wardrobe.
Turn to the right and walk out of the bedroom door.  Turn left once you get into the hallway.  Then turn right at the first door.  You'll be looking into the bathroom.  Stop when you get into the doorway.
The dining room is near a kitchen and a living room.
The vase is in the lounge on the first floor.
Go past the sculpture and enter the house. Walk down the hallway and turn left. Stop just before reaching the orange leather chair.
Walk out of the room and stop in the doorway on your right.
Leave the office area and wait.
Continue down the stairs and turn let. Walk through the entrance ahead, into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and lounge chairs and start down the stairs ahead. Walk halfway down the stairs.
The area is in a corner which is next to the dining room.
exit bathroom, walk through door on right, go downstairs, exit through doors to left.
The chairs are behind a desk under the ceiling lamp and on the left side of the white table under the small wooden carbinet.
Exit the study, walk down the stairs to the hard right, walk toward the living room, go down the stairs into the living room, wait at the bottom of the stairs.
walk out of the room, turn right, then make another right turn and stop near the doorway.
Exit the closet, turn right and walk through the doorway. Then turn left into the hallway and an immediate left to enter the living room. Wait on the rug by the console table.
The painting is in a living room.
There is a water-tap and a sink above.
on the left of the small table, next to the glass door, under the glass window
Turn to your right, enter that hallway, keeping the glass on your right. Keep walking forward, past the end of the glass wall. Continue moving forward until you're under the exit sign that is near the ceiling. Stop and wait.
on the wall, facing the balcony, on the washstand
Exit the laundry room and turn left at the first doorway.  Enter the bedroom and immediately turn left into the bathroom.  Stop when the toilet is on your right.
Exit the office and turn left. Walk towards the red sofas and turn right. Continue down the hallway and wait near the first doorway on the left.
The photo is set in the washroom.
Walk out the door.  Walk out the bedroom door to the hallway. Turn right and walk down the hallway. Wait by the next door on your right.
Goright down the wall facing the large window and turn left at the doorway of the bedroom with the cream and dark colored bed cover.
Walk all the way forward passing everything on your right to enter the very end left corner. Turn left towards the corner, and stop there.
The vase is set on the corner of the stairs.
The table is in a living room.
Walk to the left of the table and chairs and into the kitchen. Walk past the oven and to the left. Walk into the entryway on the left and stop.
Turn left and head towards the open door, take a left right before the door, turn left, go straight a head to the sitting area and stop in front of the first table with magazines on it near the windows.
Step onto the wooden deck and turn right. Walk forward and turn right again, entering the building. Wait in the doorway of the first room on the left.
The desk is next to the door and near the stairs.
Walk towards the red arm chair. Walk between the red arms chairs and head to the dining room with the chandelier. Make a left and walk to the kitchen island.
Turn and walk into the living room area with burgundy couches. Walk passed the couches towards the fireplace. Go through the doorway on the right on the opposite side of the room and into the dining area.
The telescope is in front of a big window, and near flower beds.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Head down the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the top.
Exit the bedroom, go passed the doorway on the left and take a slight left into the doorway and step near the the picture on the right and stop.
Walk across the hallway into the sitting area. Go through the sitting area and wait past the wet bar through the doorway.
Walk right towards the open corner, and exit. Walk forward passing the dining table on the right, and kitchen on the left. Turn right where the picture frame is placed on the wall on the left hand side, and stop there.
Go passed the first two desks on the right and turn right into the first open hallway.
Walk up the staircase, and turn left at the corner. Walk forward, and turn left again towards the long dining table, and stop there.
Walk past the dining room table and chairs. Walk past the fridge. Stop in the doorway.
Walk under the stairs past the cupboards and bench and turn into the door before you go outside.  Wait at the bathroom doorway.
Leave the bathroom and take a right into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom into the bathroom and stop in front of the sink.
a hall within a swimming pool;
Go through the doorway and through an archway into the kithccen  Pass the dining room table and stop at the front door facing a tiled hallway with a large paining on the right.
The drawer is in the center of a kitchen on the first floor.
Turn around and enter the hallway behind you. Walk all the way down and turn in the wood door on the end to your left. Once in, stop on the rug,.
Head out of the bedroom and turn right going past the railing.  Go left through the double doors and stop in front of the bed.
Walk straight and exit the room. Turn right and then turn left into the room. Wait near the entrance.
Go past the pink chairs and the light blue chairs and go into the room on the right and wait by the chair with the flowers.
Walk into the dinning room and turn left. Then walk through the kitchen and stop near the kitchen table.
walk up stairs,  Turn slight right and walk into archway, walk straight down hall to edge of rug.
Walk through the archway and go through the locker room. Go past the water cooler on your left and enter the bathroom area. Wait there.
Go in front of blue art hanging on the wall. Go down hall, turning left towards spiral staircase. Stand in front of the staircase going down.
Take a right toward the staircase. Walk by the staircase and enter the corridor. Stop in the corridor before you reach the door on the right.
This study has two laptops and two penholders on the table.
Bathrobes are close to the bedroom and toilet.
TURN RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE THE HALLWAY WITH A BUILT IN BOOKCASE, WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY UNTIL YOU REACH THE END OF THE HALLWAY AND THE OPEN BEDROOM DOOR ON THE RIGHT SIDE.
exit bathroom to hallway, turn left and go through open door, turn right at hallway, turn slight right into bedroom standing at edge of rug.
The desk is in the living room.
The chair is near a bedroom with a blue carpet.
Take a left in the hallway and go past the stairs. Take the first left past the stairs and go outside.
Go straight into the bedroom and turn right until you reach the fireplace.
The bottle is on the left of a slaver and near a glass bottle.
Walk froward and enter the room to the left of the stairs. In the room take a left and enter the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet.
Cross the room and wait in the utility room.
Walk down the stairs, and stop at the doorway directly across from the stairs.
TURN RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE THE KITCHEN ISLAND, WALK FORWARD BETWEEN THE COUNTER AND ISLAND TOWARD THE SINK, FOLLOW THE ISLAND AND COUNTER AROUND UNTIL YOU REACH THE END OF THE KITCHEN FACING SEVERAL SETS OF PLATES ON RACKS.
Turn to the right, and walk past the bed, turning towards the doorway.  Go through the doorway, into the hallway.  Stop after a few steps into the hallway.
Walk through the door you are facing. Walk straight across the room and through the doorway straight ahead. Stop once you are inside the large open room.
Walk away from the semi circle of chairs through the doorway, follow the red carpet to the left, pass the fire extinguisher on your left and follow the red carpet until there is a staircase on your right. Stop at the top.
Walk toward the stairs and stop right before them.
Walk toward the white table. Continue walking until you pass the shower and reach the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
There has a few bottles of wine on the table and has two red chairs on either hand.
Turn right and go into the room turn left and walk past the wall with holes in it. Go out the glass doors on the right to go outside and then stop.
Exit the bathroom using the door on the left. Turn left and then turn left into the bathroom next door. Wait at the entrance.
The pillow is set in the bright livingroom.
The mirror is in a toilet.
This area is located at the corner of the hall.
With the door to the deck on your right, walk straight and go down the stairs.  Stop on the fourth step from the bottom.
Turn around. And walk next to the beams on the cement. Make a right at the table and chairs set. Walk through the transparent doors to the open door straight ahead.
Turn around and walk towards the living room area. Turn left and walk towards the circular dining table. Wait there.
The club chair is under a picture, next to a metal stool.
The yogamat is in a gym facing a long corridor.
Exit the closet to the bedroom. Exit the bedroom to the double doors on the left. Go forward and enter the second door on the right leading to the laundry room. Wait there.
on the sofa, among three pillows and in the middle of them
Walk through the entrance and walk through the second doorway on your right, into the dining area. Turn left, then walk into the doorway of the living room.
Walk across the room passing the bed on the right. Exit through the doorway and go down the hall. Turn right and wait at the top of the stairs.
The paintings are in a dining room.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Turn left and walk to the top of the stairs.
walk straight down hall into bed room. Stop between bed and desk.
Turn and walk through the bedroom passed the couch and desk. Walk into the hallway and continue past the stair well and into the bedroom on the other side, which has two armchairs near the glass doors. Stop near the bed.
Leave the home office and take an immediate left.  Continue ahead and wait in front of the coffee table and sofas.
Go straight and then turn left and go straight toward the round table when you pass the two round tables go out the opening on the right and then stop at the entrance of the room with the blue curtains.
Exit the room and walk down the small hallway with a door on either side.  Walk into the room with a large round table in the middle of it.  Turn left and walk toward the staircase.  Go to the left of the staircase and stop in front of the archway.
Walk straight towards the black chair on the right. Turn right and enter the bathroom. Go straight past the shower and exit the bathroom.
Walk forward and around the right side of the kitchen island. Continue forward past the white chair on the right.  Wait near the base of the staircase.
The sink is placed in the corner of a small bathroom.
Walk into the dining room then through the kitchen.  Stop at the larger dining table.
The corridor links the resting area with the food bar and opposite to a row of boothes.
Go straight through the door and passed the stairs and then turn left and stop in the doorway.
Enter the door on the left. Go forward and wait by the toilet.
Walk past the bed and take the first right into the bathroom. Walk forward into the toilet closet. Stop in the doorway.
an empty space in front of the table;
Turn around and walk to the end of the hallway. Cross over the glass in the floor and enter the next small hallway and stop at the end.
Walk past the long table and chairs on your left, and continue walking through the doorway. Once in the room with the fireplace, walk through the doorway to the right of it. Walk towards the first doorway on the left, and stop directly in the middle of the doorway.
Head towards the two ivory tusks at the opposite side of the room, then exit the room through the narrow corridor to the left. Stop once you've exited the corridor and have entered the next room.
Walk straight ahead and into the room on the right. Wait at the stairs.
Leave the laundry room and take a right. Go down the hall and take the first right into a bedroom. Stop at the foot of the bed.
Go into the large room and towards the marble counter with stools  Continue in the direction until you enter a room with ovens and stovetops and a long serving window that opens to the oudside and wait.
Go outside and enter the sitting room, behind the lounge chairs. Wait near the white chairs.
The dining room is next to a stair case and is next to a big dining room.
Walk down the hallway following the marble flooring and stop when it turns left.
walk up the stairs, turn right, walk up the rest of the stairs, enter the doorway on the left at the top of the stairs and stop in front of the bed.
Walk up the flight of stairs to the upper level. Walk down the hallway through the door near the guitars on the wall. Continue into the unfinished bathroom area.
Walk into the kitchen and go down the hall on the left. Go into the garage at the end of the hall. Stop on the rug in the garage.
the bedroom is near a corridor which is near a living room
Walk toward the patio furniture. Enter the house through the door behind the chairs.Stop right next to the door.
There are two wooden side cupboards put at each side of the small bed, and some curtains placed close to the french windows.
Exit the room by going through the doorway on the left. Go straight and stop at the top of the stairs.
The fruits are in a kitchen.
Go through the kitchen and toward the dining table. Go toward the doorway to the right of the dining table. Wait there.
Go down the stairs. U turn left and go into the room on the right. Wait at the entrance.
Turn around approximately 90 degrees, then move toward the wooden support pillar in front of you. Hang a slight left and move into the open wooden door frame. Turn slightly left and move into the bathroom. After you've entered, turn right and wait in front of the open shower curtain, facing it.
Walk down the path away from the pool. Stop in front of the last open door on your left.
Exit window room and walk into main room to table in the middle. Walk into doorway to the right of the mirror. Stop before entering empty room.
above a washbasin and a carbinet, under the window
Walk past the kitchen island and enter the dinning room.  Walk past the dinning room table, then turn left and enter the hallway.
Go into the kitchen. Go to the desk. Go to the pantry. Go through the doorway and turn right and go through the first bedroom doorway.
The glassed are near a balcony.
Walk into the hallway towards the kitchen, and up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk to the left of the dining room table and chairs and toward the bookshelf. Walk through the entryway to the right of the bookshelf and stop.
Walk toward the bed. Turn right and walk out the door. Turn left and stop by the rail.
There's a small squared hall out of the room.
The galss jar is placed in the tearoom.
Walk past the bed and out of the bedroom. Turn right and stop in the bathroom.
Walk straight past the first two round tables. Stand next to the second column.
Exit the room and go down the hallway to the left. Wait inside the first door on the left, number 344.
The drawer is in a small attic, which is on the second floor.
Walk forward and take the second left into the bedroom. Stop behind the orange chair at the desk.
The white cabinet is placed front facing glass doorwhich is placed behind desk in the big bedroom.
The desk is set in front of lots of benches.
Walk out the door. Turn right and go past cabinet. Stop just past the cabinet.
Go to the small white table in the middle of the room. Go into the room across from you that has a drinking fountain.
The painting is set on a white wall, above a black stove and near a beige sofa and a black long sofa.
Turn right and then turn right again. Enter the bedroom. Enter the bathroom and wait in front of the sink.
Turn left and go straight out the door then turn right and go into the next door room. Wait near the clear glass furniture.
Go down the stairs. Stop on the floor below once you are off the stairs.
Go upstairs, turn left and then turn right into the nearest doorway to the right, enter the bedroom and go straight then turn left into the doorway and stop.
Make a left past the inset cabinets. Walk towards the tall wall painting. Make a right into the bedroom. Make another right and walk past the dull yellow arm chair.
on the wall, facing the sofa
Leave office and turn right past the artwork on a pedestal. Take hallway with rug in front of you. After the rug ends, wait in the first doorway on your right.
on the left side of the dustbin,on the right side of the white board,near the innermost glass wall
The television is located in front of the bed , in the bedroom.
Walk to the front of the refrigerator and turn, walking between the counter and table to get to the doorway. Stop near the thermostat.
Exit living room towards stairs. At stairs turn left and enter sitting room. Stop between large chair and closet doors.
Walk toward the shelving unit. Walk up the two steps. Turn right through the door on your right and stop on the mat.
above two boxes; opposite a closed door.
The towels are in the bathroom.
Walk into the bathroom and then take a right into the bedroom. Wait just outside the bedroom in the hallway.
Turn left and walk to the stairs.  Walk up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs.
Go straight through the corridor with the stairs on the left and go straight into the archway, make a right to go up the stairs one step and then stop.
Walk straight past the red bench and stop in front of the red carpet.
Turn left and enter the bedroom. Then turn left again and enter the bathroom. Stand next to the bath tub.
Exit the bedroom by going through the door on the right. Turn left in the hallway and stop at the top of the stairs.
With the banister on your right, head down the hallway past the stairs on your left and enter the bedroom, which is the last room, on your left. Stop at the foot of the bed.
Walk down the stairs and turn right at the plant. Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk into the room and stop in the doorway.
Walk to the right of the dining table and towards the front door.  Enter the door to the left of the front door into the red bathroom.  Stop after passing through the doorway of the bathroom.
The bedroom is near a corridor and a wooden stair.
Enter the bedroom.  Turn right, and take the first door on the right to enter the bathroom.  Stop in front of the bathtub.
Exit the shower, turn left and enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom through the double doors and walk up the stairs.  Stand near the bookshelf.
Travel to the stairs. Go up two sets of stairs and turn right. Enter through the archway and make a right. Go straight to the set of light switches on the wall on the left.
Walk through the room past the exercise equipment. Walk out through the open door into the hallway. Walk down the tiled hall past the closed doors. Walk through the arched entry and into the next hall with a mirror on the wall. Walk through the open door opposite the mirror that leads to a large room with a fireplace in the center.
in front of a table, near a chair
Exit the alcove and walk up the first flight of stairs. Stop inside the doorway to the sitting room.
Pass the stairs on the left then turn right and go straight until you get to large double doors on the left. Wait there.
Walk forward through the room with the glass table, into the open door.  Wait by the wall.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Wait in the doorway of the empty room on the left.
Exit room make a left, walk down hallway, make a right, make a other sharp right. Stop at door entrance.
Turn around and go down the hall. Go left through the white door and stop by the black chair.
Exit the dining room, walk down the hall to the left of the kitchen, enter the bathroom to the left of the stairs, wait at the toilet.
Exit the bedroom and out to the garden pool area. Take a right onto the tile walkway.
Leave the bathroom and take a  left into the bedroom. Go around the bed and go into the bathroom. Stop next to the shower.
Leave the room and walk out of the room. Take a right and walk down the hallway towards the stairwell. Stop on the third step from the bottom.
Walk past bed. Wait at threshold of bedroom door.
The bedroom is surrounded by by a bal, a living room and a bathroom.
Exit the door to your right and walk past the entire railing.  Stop in the middle of the first doorway you enter.
Turn around and head towards the exit. Turn right and continue. Make another right into the glass doors and continue  down the hall way and stop in the middle.
Exit the bathroom and walk through the dining room.  The white dining room table will be on your left as you pass.  Stop in front of the refrigerator in the kitchen.
Exit the room and turn right down the hall, continue until the fork and turn left. then stop.
behind the front desk in an entryway to a hall with rooms for changing, showering and massage;
This area has a woody door and a fan.
The chair is in a small office that only contains a set of office equipment and is signed number 307.
hung on the white wall, next to the curtain
Turn around and walk out of the room.  Go down a hallway and veer to the left.  You'll go in that door.  You'll stop at the double sinks.  Wait there.
Walk forward into the living room and take a left into the kitchen. In the kitchen stop right before the patio door on your right.
Head towards the wooden table and take a left to the large wood desk staying left of it and go around to the open door behind it.
Walk across the kitchen towards the table. Walk to the left of the table out of the room. Then turn right and stop at the bottom of the steps.
The sink is set in a big table and opposite to a induction cooker.
The toilet is on the first floor of the villa, on its left is the garden and on its right is the swimming pool.
The bedroom is next to a long corridor and has a balcony.
on the table, next to the vase, in the middle of two sofas, in front of a photo
Exit the room. Turn right and go into the third door on the right. Go straight into the door in the middle and wait therfe.
Leave the dressing room, and go right. Go to the stairwell on the right. Stop on the second stair from the bottom.
next to the staircase and the TV
The model is behind the restaurant and opposite to a meeting room.
When you are in the entryway of the sitting room make a right and walk straight back to the door going to the pool. Wait in front of the door.
Walk through the lobby towards the revolving glass doors.  Turn left before you reach the doors.  Walk to the right side of the golden urn. Wait here.
Walk up the three steps in the hall next to the gym area. Take the first right in the hallway just before the next three steps. Stop in front of the bathroom doorway.
three cabinets around it;faces a black cabinet below a black mirror;
Walk down the stairs and across the patio into the guest house and stop.
Go straight until you get the table and chairs. Go straight past the table and chairs. Turn right and then turn right again to go into the room. Turn left and go outside. Wait there.
Go up the stairs toward the mirror, turn left toward the rug, and turn out the door the rug is in front of. Wait outside in front of the door.
Turn around and cross the table. Then turn left to enter the library and turn right to head into the second room. Stop near the table.
walk away from the leather ottoman through the doorway and through the first doorway on your left. Walk in straight and slightly to the left and stop in front of the massage table.
Finish going down the stairs, all the way down. Then turn left and go down the three steps and wait by the table with chairs.
Walk between the leopard picture and the glass desk. Turn right through doorway. Stop after passing through doorway.
Leave bathroom to hallway and turn right, Walk to living room and stop at white planter.
Turn left and walk through the living room. Exit the room, turn right and walk up the stairs. stop in th e middle of the stairs.
There are many cabinets and sinks around.
Walk down the hallway and turn right. Wait near the entrance to the bathroom.
Walk around the bed and out the door to the bedroom at the end.  Walk past the bed on the left side and walk into the closet behind the bed.  Stop when you reach the shoes in the closet.
Make a hard right. Keep walking. Then turn right and stop at the table with white flowers.
leave bedroom in to hall, turn slight left. continute down hall straight and enter living room, stop behind the couch.
Turn to thew left, and walk straight, across rooms until you reach the kitchen.Go through the door next to the light switch, and stop in front of the exercise bike in the gym.
Turn around and go down the hallway. Stop at the second door on the left.
Walk in the direction of the purple and orange chairs, and keep going stairs. Walk around the silver wall, and exit into the patio. Stop once you exit.
Walk to the right of the sink to exit the room. Once you enter the room turn left and walk towards the pool table. Turn left and enter the door to the left of the video game machine. Once inside the room turn left and enter the first door to the right of the tub. Stop inside the doorway of the bathroom.
near the curtains, facing the outside
The chair is set on a side of the corridor via the altar.
The drawer is placed below the sink and the flower in the toilet.
Go upstairs, wait by birdcage.
The towel is near a bedroom and a corridor.
Walk straight and then turn left. Turn left again and go inside. Go straight toward the white couch and wait near there.
Go through the glass sliding doors. Turn left and go into the double glass doors on the left. Wait there.
The painting is set on a black wooden bookshelf, near a black sculpture and below six paintings.
Go into the hallway and go left. Go to the end of the hallway. Go to the lamp. Go to the second stair on the staircase.
Leave the room and turn left. Go inside the first door on the left and stand in front of the rug to the right of the tables.
Go down the hallway and turn left at the first doorway.  Go through, across an animal skin, and then turn left.  Go into the laundry room.  Stand just at the doorway and wait.
The sofa is behind a tea table and there is a desk next to the sofa.
at the corner of a room.
Turn right and walk towards the chair in the corner of the hallway. Once you reach the chair, turn left and walk to the end where there are two pictures hanging. Tun left and stop once you enter the bathroom.
Turn away from the showers, walk straight, turn right down the hallway, go straight passed the baskets on the floor, turn right after the baskets, enter the room and stop.
Go down the hall past the reading nook and bathroom. Wait in the bedroom at the end of the hallway.
From shower room enter bedroom, walk across bedroom to hall and stop at window.
Connecting the living room and bedroom
The newspaper is set on the left side on five paintings and near a brassy switch.
Head upstairs and wait in the middle room.
on the wall, next to the door, among two photos and on the right of them
There is a sink, mirror and toilet in the toilet.
The towel is near a bathtub and a table with two white sinks.
Enter the door on the right, then go over the beds and through the bathroom.  Wait on the hardwood floor past the bathroom adjacent to the stairs.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom and go straight. Stop in front of the door to the bathroom.
Walk around the big roped off display and turn left. Go through that entryway and down that hallway. Stop by the other roped off display on your right.
Walk past the built-in bar on the left. Walk through the open bedroom door to the left of the bar. Wait at the bench at the foot of the bed.
Walk past the columns on the right. Walk past the long wood pew on the left. Walk through the open french door to the right of the lamp on the end table. Wait at the pool table.
The area is next to the stairs, and a garden is outside.
The photo frame is placed on a table in front of a mirror and next to a blue photo frame.
There is a fan in the center of the study and the study is next to a living room.
Go up the three steps and go straight until you get to another three steps. Don't go up those steps, but go into the room on the right and stop there.
Walk down the stairs and make a right in the living room. Walk behind the couch and straight ahead to the garage door and wait.
Exit the room and turn left. Walk down the hallway to the doorway on the right. Wait in the doorway.
Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room on the left. Turn right and go into the room on the right. Turn left and wait in the hallway.
Make a left turn, and walk along the thin path between the grass and the pool. Make a left and walk past the chaise lounge.
Exit the room and wait to the right, in the bedroom doorway.
Walk into the massage room and head to the left.  Go through the doorway.  Go into the next room where there is a staircase.  Keep going a little farther and stand by the base of the stairs.
There is a table in front of the sofa. The pillow is on the sofa.
Walk to the black tile border, and make a left. Walk down the hallway, past the zebra painting. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Walk through the open french doors, and wait at the thermostat on the wall to the left.
Go up the stairs. Take a right and stop in the door past the exercise bike.
Turn left and go into the house. Go straight past the green chairs then turn left. Wait near the brown chair/couches.
The door is close to the living room and balcony.
The computer is on a white office table , in front of a black chair and at the side of a short cabinet.
Go indoors and pass the stairs. When you get the the plant go into the double doors and wait there in that hallway.
The sofa is placed in front of the table in the living room.
The hand door is in the bathroom.
Walk straight past the bed, and stop in front of the hammock.
Turn around and exit out the door to go outside. Once outside, turn left and enter the doorway. Once in , turn and enter the door on your left. Once you reach the sink, turn right and walk into the bathroom and stop before you reach the next sink.
Exit the room then go right and pass the stairs. Go right and into the kitchen. Wait by the small painting on the wall on the right.
The flower is placed on the desk and some chairs in the living room.
Exit the bathroom and then turn left. Bear to the left and head towards the stairs. Go up to the second step and wait there.
Go straight, past the couch till you are at the double doors. That's when you turn right.  Go through the hallwayand turn to the left.  Go into that room, it's a little bar.  Stop there and wait.
Turn around and enter the hallway behind you. Once in turn left and walk forward. Turn left at the end to enter the double wood doors. Walk across the room to the right side and enter the door beside the sink. Stop once you enter the bedroom and the plant and mirror are to you right.
Walk up the stairs and go straight.Take your third right, and go up two stairs and stop.
in the corner of the room
The flower is placed in the corner of a bathroom.
Go up the stairs to the landing.  Go forward down the hall, under the archway, and to the door of the bathroom. Wait there.
Go up the stairs then U turn left. Go  into the room straight ahead. Turn left and wait near the toilet.
Enter the house. Walk to the hallway past the stairs. Enter the room in front of you. Stop in front of the table.
Go to the sink Go to the door Go to the washer dryer Go to the radio.
Turn around and walking past the third door to the corner.
Walk from the patio into the house living room. Walk to kitchen island table.
Walk up stairs. Walk across landing. Wait at spiral staircase.
below a light, next to a picture
The bed is located in a bright bedroom.
Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom.  Turn left and walk past the painting of the girl reading the book and turn left again into the hallway.  Walk to the stairs heading down and stop at the top.  Do not go down the stairs.
Walk forward past the end of the Foosball table and towards the glass double doors leading to a covered patio with a seating area. walk past the seating area and on to the open air path leading to the right side of the garden and pool area. Walk to the bottom of the stairs on the side of the house that is across from a small brown fire-pit.
there is a laundry across the road.
There are two chairs with the same state, colour on its right and one chair with the same state, colour on its left.There are five chairs with the same state, colour opposite to it.
exit closet and walk straight through gym and passed bathroom. turn right and enter study, turn right and enter living room, stop at couch.
Turn left and walk past the exercise equipment towards the pool. Stop at the end of the lounge chair before you reach the pool.
Step forward, turn right, turn left, turn right, stop in the doorway.
The sofa is set between two beige chairs and in front of a window.
Walk out of the blue wall bedroom and into the hallway. In the hallway, turn to the left and walk to the second of the two brown chairs.
The towel is inside the bedroom bathroom.
Turn around and exit  the bedroom, then turn left and walk into the living room. Then stand next to the dining room table.
on a stone table, next to some fruit
It faces the pool and there is an identical chair on the right.
Walk right through the open doors an enter the hallway. Stop near the stairs on your left.
Walk up the stairs and go into the first room on the right.  Walk into the closet and stop once inside.
Turn left. Pass the lamp on the left and go straight into the room. Wait by the washer.
Turn around and to towards the couch that is outside, go around it, take the first hallway to the left to the doorway, enter the bedroom with the picture of gold lips, and stop.
Go down the stairs, but not all the way. Stop on the section where the ground is triangle-shaped and a guardrail is coming out of the ground.
Exit the room. Turn right and go straight down the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. Go past the bed and turn left into the second room on the left. Wait there.
Enter the building, and the first left, stopping in the doorway.
Go down the hallway and stop in the doorway that leads to the outdoor sitting area.
Head straight until you pass the couches and wait by the right candle in the wall.
Walk past poodle. Walk past mirrored glass doors. Wait at wall mirror.
Go along the white couch and cross the room passed the circle table, go towards the front door and before the front door make a right, go straight, and make a left at the counter with the chair and stop at the thermostat.
The sink is to the right of the towel and brush.
The bench in the living room.
Go indoors and walk towards the TV.  Walk through the door to the left of the TV. Stop inside the bathroom by the door.
The tap is in a bathroom.
Walk past the piano up the steps to the left, and wait in the alcove outside the bedroom.
Go to the door Go to the plant Go to the rocks Go to the pool Go to the treadmill.
Go forward and then turn right. Go forward and turn right into room.
Turn left and go to the doorway.  Then turn right and head out the door.  Turn right and go into the bedroom.  When you get to the bathroom door, go through that doorway. You'll go into the bathroom and stop by the sink, there will be a step stool and you should wait right in front of it.
The chair is near a corridor.
Exit the patio, exit the bedroom, turn left, walk down the hall, wait at the first door on the left.
Enter the house and go left. Walk down the hall, and take a right at the end of the hallway. Stop outside of the bathroom door.
Walk out the door to your right. Take a left. Take the next right. Wait in the bedroom.
near a big mirror, next to a spinning bike
Leave the bathroom, and the bedroom. Take a right into the dining and kitchen area. Stop once you are in front of the liquor cabinet.
Walk past the couch and up the steps and turn right. walk down the hall and into the room at the end of the hall. Stop behind the chairs.
Walk forward, turn left, walk through the doorway and stop.
Enter the en suite bathroom and stop in the doorway to the toilet.
Walk towards the hallway, turn left, walk down the hallway, enter the next door on the left, turn right, and enter the kitchen/bar.
The bathroom is next to the cloakroom and in the master bedroom.
Walk straight toward the kitchen. Turn right and go up the three steps. Continue straight and go up two more steps.
Turn to the right and go to the hall. In the hall pass the pictures and statues and turn left. Enter the bathroom.
This area has a broad corridor via the central hall.
The  whiteboard is placed near a wall and the gate.
against a big rounded bar; beside another three identical stools. near the huge pillar;
Move forward to the first door on the right. Turn into the door, and then turn right into the second door on the right. Move forward diagonally to stand in front of the bed.
Walk forward toward the ached hallway. Continue down the hallway and enter the bedroom at the end. Stop next to the arm of the chair in the bedroom.
at the corner of this hall;
Stay along the right side of the two round tables, and walk towards the entrance of a hallway on your right where there is bench on left of the hallway. Make a right into the hall way, and wait between 3 doors where there is a painting on the left side and another room in front of you.
The study has many shelves on the wall and has a big table in the center.
Turn around and go into the hallway. Continue down the hallway until you reach the living room and go down the 2 steps. Stop just behind the cloth chair closest to the divider separating the living room from the dining room.
Exit the room using the door on your left then head straight until you get to a large room then turn left and head out that glass door. Wait by the red statue.
Keeping on the floor go toward the hallway, then make a sharp left turn and go down the hallway, go into the bedroom and stop between the bed and the windows.
Walk down the hallway to the overlook, go down the stairs to the right, wait halfway down the stairs.
Walk past the lounge chairs and stop in front of the patio chairs.
When you get to the second chandelier turn right and when you get to the third chandelier turn left. Wait by the stairs.
Enter home through door.  Walk past painting on the right, then make an extreme right turn into the dining area.  Pass the dining table, and enter the kitchen.  Wait by sink.
The sink is set in a glass washbasin, under a mirror, left to a screen.
walk away from the screen, up the two small carpet stairs and exit the movie room through the double doors. walk straight towards the couch and stop on the hardwood floor to the right of the couch before you reach the rug.
go straight slight right turn slight left ninety degree left into closet.
on the handle , above the toilet
The glasses are in a bedroom.
Exit the door and turn right. Walk down the hallway passing the glass table, and entering another door. Stop at the door.
Exit the room. Turn left and walk toward the fireplace. Turn left and then turn right into the room by the fireplace. Wait near the large double doors.
With the counter on your left.
Walk around the bed and reach the corner of the room. Then wait at the entrance to the closet.
Walk toward the stairs. Turn right at the door just before the stairs. Stop and wait by the bathroom sink.
The handdoor is in the living room.
The stool is placed near a tea room and a big conference room.
Exit the room using the double doors on the right. Turn right and go up the steps. Turn right into the room. Wait near the coffee table.
Head toward the flat screen television on the wall, when you get to the tv turn right then turn left and go straight into the bathroom and wait by the tub.
Walk around the counter in front of you into the kitchen. Walk around the seating wet bar area and turn left. Walk through the doorway to the right of the refrigerator make the first left and the first right into a bedroom. Wait there.
The pillows are in a bedroom.
Turn around and walk down the stairs. Turn left. Wait next to the beige couch on the left.
The decorations are hanging in a small bedroom.
Go down the hallway, then stop in front of the last door on the right.
go through doorway, turn right, walk through hall and stop in doorway on right.
Walk through the game room past the table tennis game. Walk into the next room through the arches and past the desks towards the couches in the corner of the room.
Walk along the wall next to the chairs and desk.  Walk to the other side of the room with the glass windows. Turn right through the hallway at the end of the room. Walk towards the arched door leading to a large room at the end of the hallway.
The carbinet is in a corridor with a stair.
The door handle is close to the toilet and bathroom.
Go down stairs, walk straight into the kitchen and stop there.
Walk past the wall oven on the left. Make a left after the bar stools at the island to the right. Wait near the built-in bar to the right.
Turn slightly right and walk across the room. Exit the room by the rightmost door and wait there.
Turn 180 degrees around so you are facing the steps leading to a hallway with photos on the right wall. Go up the steps. Walk down the hallway. Pass two doorways. When you get to a plant turn toward the third doorway.
The gymnasium connects with a bedroom which is used to massage and two washrooms.
Walk away from the bookshelf. Enter the next room and walk through it, toward the staircase. Start up the stairs and stop about two steps up.
Walk forward toward the living room and go down the stairs. take a right at the bottom of the stairs and walk straight. Stop between the window on the left, and the silver pillar.
With the painting of the feather on your left, walk straight down the hallway to the room with the purple zigzag stripes.  Go left and stop in front of the letters that spell out "SKI".
There is a treadmill and a spinning bike in this gymnasium.
The chair is set before a wooden brown desk under a ceiling lamp with yellow light and opposite to a beige floriated sofa in the living room.
Go through the open door on the right. Keep walking straight then stop at the steps.
Go through doorway and turn left. Go through first doorway into the doorway on the left wall. Go forward and stop inbetween beds.
Head out of the bathroom and turn right and exit the bedroom. Wait in the doorway of the first room on the right.
Walk past the striped lamp, and continue straight down the hallway.  Continue forward and enter the door at the end of hallway.  Wait here.
Go in between the office divider which will be on your right and the glass wall which will be on your left. Following that, go forward until you see a wheelchair on your right and wait near the white dry erase board.
The chairs is in front of a  stone pillar.
The table is near a green sofa, in front of a beige cabinet and near a television.
Walk past the table and chairs and then turn left. Walk straight toward the house and go inside. Wait near the blue chair with the polka dots.
Go straight past the jacuzzi and then after you pass the red chair on the right side stop by the stairs and the Marilyn Monroe art on the left wall.
Go to the door Go to the bed Go to the three light switches Go to the rail.
Walk down hall into living room stopping at two chairs with lilacs.
an empty space is in front of it.
The toilet is next to the smoking paper and in the corner.
at the turning of this corridor;
in the middle of two identical deck chairs;under two magazines and two ornaments;
The bush is in the master bedroom.
Walk straight through the open door. Make a left. Walk down the hall. Make a left at the second open door.
At the bottom of the stairs turn left and walk straight between the sitting area and the dining table. Continue walking straight towards the balcony and stop outside the door.
Walk past the stairs and turn left. Step down to the second step and stop.
Enter the home and walk straight passed stairs and through living room, walk straight to end of couch, turn slight left and walk through glass door. Stop in front of bbq and hot tub.
Turn to the right and walk through the open doorway.  Walk up to the round, wooden table. Walk towards the far right corner of the room. Walk through the narrow hallway and into the next room.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go through the hallway and turn right to stop.
face window to outside, turn right to walk down hallway, turn right at banister, turn left and walk towards pool table, turn right before you pass the pool table, and left again, walk past the pool table, turn right and walk through doorway to bedroom, stop.
Exit the room a walk up the steps on the right. Wait in the hallway outside the weight room.
Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Go straight, and up the three stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Go up the stairs.Turn to the right and walk past the balcony. Stop in the doorway to the master bedroom.
Move forward, then take a slight step to the right.
Walk down the steps into the room. Walk to the left of the piano.  Turn left before you reach the lamp. Walk past the stairs, and stop at the entrance to the kitchen.
Turn left. Walk past the table with the horse sculpture. Continue through the doorway. Stop after you entered the doorway.
Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk across the room and into the hallway. Turn right and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Exit the bedroom and continue straight through the double doors, going outside, past the bed, and turning left at the guardrail. Stop next to the first of three tall windows with circle holes in them.
The chair is the third one in a row of chairs from left to right, on the opposite side of a door.
Go straight until you pass a chair on the right then turn left. Walk past the metal wall and then turn left. Wait near the sink.
The chair is under a socket and near a desk.
Walk straight down the hallway, take a right at the first doorway and wait there.
next to the bed and window.
The washbasin is in the kitchen.
under a hand sink, under a bowl
on the wall in the middle of the door and a dresser.near a brown cabinet;
Walk around table. Walk half way up stairs and wait.
Walk straight, take a sharp right turn and continue down the corridor before making a slight right turn to the top of the steps.
Walk past the table towards the sitting area, turn left into the hallway and wait near the bottom of the stairs.
Go up the stairs to the next floor. Turn left into the first doorway. Enter the bedroom and go toward the bed. Turn right and enter the closet. Wait there.
The guitar is set in the small bedroom.
Facing the stairs turn to the left and go straight until you get to another set of stairs. Then turn right and wait at the top of the stairs.
The kitchen is on the third floor, next to the balcony and dining, facing the stairs.
The stool is placed in a small meeting room with the number 02.
The lamp is set between two paintings and opposite to a gray and black bed.
Turn slightly right and walk along the hallway. Turn wait on the hallway when there are sofas to your right.
turn hard right and walk toward the double glass doors.
The books are on the fourth layer of the shelf in a study.
The flowers are in a bathroom.
under the table, among four stools and first from right
Make a left out of the room. Go right, towards the stairs. Pass the stairs and the bar. The room will be on your left.
Turn around one hundred and eighty degrees.  Walk straight down the hall until you get to the room with the glass bottom floor.  Proceed over the glass bottom floor until you reach another short hallway.  Walk straight until you cannot walk anymore because there is a wall in front of you.
Turn around. Walk towards the oriental rug. Walk up the stairs and stand in front of the framed art on the wall.
cabinet in the kitchen
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Go straight towards the stairs that head down. Wait at the top of the staircase.
Turn left then head straight until you pass the middle arch and get to the grand piano then stop.
Walk towards the stairs, go up the stairs, and wait.
go straight and take left and turn first right near right side chair.
Walk past the railing and enter the last door on the right. Stop by the first grey chair.
There is a small wooden cabinet put at the opposite corner, and the white bed is facing the glass door to balcony.
Go past the stairs and continue straight passing the dining room table. Stop and wait just after you enter the kitchen area.
Enter the pool area, turn left and walk past the pool, turn left by the exercise equipment, go down the hall, turn right into the first door, wait between the beds.
Head left, past the couches and through the set of double doors.  Wait by the doorway immediately next to the foosball table.
next to the table and the green chairs
The living is on the first floor and is next to a long corridor.
Walk in to the bathroom and turn left into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and turn right. Walk through the door.
Walk into the living room. Walk past the couches and turn right. Stop in the doorway.
The bedroom is next to the stairs and behind a blue wall painting.
Exit the building onto the porch past the rocking chairs. Go down the steps and wait straight across the deck in the doorway.
exit bedroom to hallway. Go straight down hallway to staircase, turn left to bedroom on left and enter, stop in doorway.
Walk down stairs.  Stop at bottom.  Wait here.
Turn around and leave the bathroom, take a left and do down the hallway, take a right at the end of the hallway, and go until you get just inside the dining room.
Turn left, and head between the stairs and the wall.  Head down the hallway toward the center door and go through.  Enter the room, turn right, head toward the bed, and turn right again.  Enter the closet through the door in front of you.
Turn around and walk into the next room. Then walk past yellow sofa thing and enter the bathroom. Wait near the tub.
Head upstairs and stop at the top.
faces another carbinet with the same shape and color and is next to the door of the clakroom and the bathroom
To forward up the stairs and take a left through the hallway, take another left, keep going until you are in the bedroom and stop as you soon as you get to the television.
Turn toward your left and walk toward the plant and mirror in the hallway, away from the couch sitting area. Continue walking down the hallway on the left hand side. You should see a bathroom area with a bathtub. Wait outside of that bath area.
The stove is placed under the column facing the balcony in the living room.
Walk into the foyer and take a left. Walk down the hallway and take a right. Taker your first left into the bathroom, and stop in the doorway.
Leave the bedroom and turn left.Pass the blue painting on the wall.Turn right into the second bedroom and walk toward the patio doors. Wait at the patio doors.
Head out the door.  Take a right. Go around the banisters and stop once ahead of them.
Walk down the stairs to the landing and turn left. Walk down the second set of stairs.  Walk past the fire extinguisher and turn left.  Wait inside the gallery at the bottom of the steps.
Head down the hallway the sitting area on the right. Stop and wait near the armchair.
Head towards the table with multiple black leather seats. Turn slightly left and head towards the staircase. When you reach the staircase stop and turn right and enter the office room.
Exit the room. Turn right and go up the steps. Wait there.
near a stove with a television, between a small sofa and the window
Exit the closet and bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Leave through the door at the foot of the bed and stop once you have entered the hallway.
Walk through the bathroom and exit from the door on the right. Walk straight until you get to the bed, then turn right and wait inside the closet.
The tap is created in a bathroom belong to the bedroom which is face the stairs
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and walk straight until you get to the table and chairs. Stop there.
The sink is in a washroom on the first floor.
Walk down the hall paste the pictures and paintings of beach scenes turn the corner at the end and continue down the hall passing a cabinet. Walk through the doorway straight ahead at the end of the hall that leads to an office area.
The area is in the bedroom and on the second floor
Walk forward to the dining table. Enter the recreation room through the first door on the left. Stop on the rug once you pass the doors.
Go across the hallway and enter the room. Turn right and wait in the doorway to the laundry room.
Exit the bathroom, then proceed through the bedroom into the hallway. Walk down to the second stair and wait by the banister.
Walk around the pool and keep the pool to your right and the sliding glass doors to the left. Make a right and walk to the middle of the pool.
The sofa is in front of two doors and connects with a balcony via a glass door.
walk around the corner then turn left, walk forward then stop at the front of the lamp.
The hair dryer is on the wall, next to the table.
exit toilet to dressing room and enter next room. Turn left and left again to reach adjoining room. Enter room and walk slight right to open door behind bench. Stop at shower.
Leave the room, and go right. Enter the living room on the right. Walk behind the first couch and go left. Walk to the dining area, and stop behind the left bench.
a well-decorated room within sinks, toilets and  two shower cubicles.
Walk to the left of the bed. Stop at the hallway.
Head around the counter and past the stove. Stop when you read the end of the counter.
Go out of the bedroom with the rabbit ears mirror, toward a large picture of people at the beach, and stand in the doorway of another bedroom with a green chair, a mirror with a white frame,and three seats in front of the bed.
next to the woody desks and the woody chair
Walk straight ahead and into the bedroom. Go across the bedroom and stop behind the couch facing outside.
Walk into the hall from bedroom and turn right. Walk to the end of the hall down the stairs and stop on the first landing.
Walk forward and turn right. Stop at the photographs.
Leave the closet and turn left at the kitchen area.  Walk to the patio and stop behind the first chair out there near the corner column.
Walk straight ahead, turn left at the fireplace and walk toward the windows. Wait by the coffee table.
The lamp is in the parlor on the first floor.
The bed is in a bedroom which has blue carpet.
Walk out of the kitchen and turn right. Walk behind the couch and turn right. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Stop in the entryway of the bar.
Walk down the hall and up the steps. Continue straight through the hall until the stairs. Start down the stairs and stop on the first step down.
He was directly under the sink and diagonally below a ceiling light.
Go straight down the long hallway, and into the very last room. Stop by the desk and chair.
Turn around and walk past the bed. Go out the door on your right, and then step onto the checkerboard floor and stop.
Exit the bathroom into the bedroom with the blue and white bed covers. Exit that bedroom and turn right into the living area with the two brown sofas and rocking chair. Stop next to the tall lamp.
Walk forward, and enter the bedroom on the left of the stairs.  Enter the bathroom and stop once you are in the room.
Go right into the doorway. keep going into the next doorway by the pink chair. Keep going towards the right until you come to a room with a blue carpet.
The chairs are set at the middle of the small room with a red carpet.
Turn right by the plant and go down the narrow hallway.  Wait on the flat area down the first set of stairs.
The light is on the left of the mirror and above the sink.
The cabinet is in a small office that has a number 359 for one people working.
Walk to the opposite side of the dining area and wait there.
under a pot; next to a glass shower cubicle;
Exit the room. Turn left and go into the room next door on the left. Wait near the sink.s.
Move forward to exit the bathroom through the door in front of you. As you walk through the doorway move forward past a chair and sink to your left. Wait in between the two open doors to your right.
Walk through the dining area passed the dining table with blue vases on top. Continue through the next room passed the television and through the open entryway on the other side. Turn the corner and begin to walk up the stairs opposite the front door to the home.
Walk down the hall and through the entryway to the right of the picture. Walk past the stairs and stop in the doorway.
The stool is set in the bright and spacious kitchen.
Turn 180 degrees to face stairs. Walk up stairs. On landing, make slight left toward door in corner with light switch next to it. Stop in front of door.
on the table, next to a box
Head towards the door with the fire extinguisher beside it.  Pass through the seating area and go through the double doors on your left. Stop in front of the fireplace and wait there.
Exit the bathroom into the bedroom then turn right and go out the door on the right. Go into the second room on the left then wait at the entrance.
Walk straight towards doorway. Enter doorway and turn right. Wait at doorway.
Exit the bathroom, enter the bedroom, make a sharp left and exit the bedroom, take a few steps down the stairs on the left and stop.
Exit the bathroom and make an immediate left. Move forward past the chair and go to the left to avoid the bed, head towards the open doorway and wait in the bathroom.
Continue on down the stairs. Then turn right and go down the hallway.  Go to the doorway and you'll see a bed with white sheets and a red half blanket on it.  You should wait by the door to that bedroom.
Walk down the hall, away from the flowerpot in front of the mirror on the wall. Stop next to the chair just inside the doorway of the bedroom at the end of the hall.
there are several coat hangers put in the wardrobe, opposite is another same wardrobe
Go through the door between the tables with the white cloths on them. Go into the bathroom on the left. Stop in front of the garbage bin on the wall.
turn around and go towards the hallway and keep walking straight until you get to the end of the hall and then take the door right to your right and stop in the doorway.
Exit the pink room using the left door then head out to the hallway and walk until you get to the top of the stairs on the left. Wait there.
Walk through the living room, past the TV on the wall on your left. Continue into the hall and stop between the two tall green plants.
exit bedroom through doorway on the left. stop in hall on red rug.
go down hallway towards glass door.  make a right at the glass door.  move forward and take immediate right into office and wait.
Walk across main office to doorway on the right. Walk down the stairs and stop at bottom.
Head toward the room with the white couch.  Go left toward the kitchen and then to the front door.  Turn left down the hall and stop in front of the stairs.
the open-balcony is near a living room and a kitchen.
The flower is placed on a washbasin in one side of a washroom.
Go straight. Pass the glass table with the white chairs then turn left and go into that hallway then turn left and stop at that doorway.
next to the door, facing the bed, next to the picture
walk towards the door between two chairs and stop at the doorway.
The umbrella is placed next to a tearoom.
There are some pictures and laptop on the desk.
in front of several boxes on the floor,leaning against the table,opposite to the gate
The stove is located in a bright bedroom.
This area has a fan and lots of benches on each side of the corridor .
Turn left and walk through the small hallway. Once you enter the next room, turn right and go across the room into the door in the middle with a rounded top. Walk to the of the hallway, turn left and stop at the wood railing facing the large open room.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Stop by the bed.
Walk past the dining table and take a right. Continue straight past the first support beam on the left, then turn left and walk towards the front door. Wait just outside the door.
The photo is near a corridor and a storage room.
The stool is placed  near a reading room and next to the hall.
Enter the building through the door. Move into the bedroom on the right. Move forward and stop at the door of the bathroom.
Walk straight ahead passing the sink faucet on the left all the way to its end. Stop in front of the round table and six chairs.
Turn to the right and go to the couch and turn left and stop on the balcony.
Go up the stairs on the left. Ascend the next set of stairs and wait.
Exit the sauna, exit the massage room, take a left, go straight into the diagonal doorway, take a couple steps in and stop.
Go up the stairs and turn right. Go in the bedroom and wait at the foot of the bed.
Exit the bedroom where you start by the middle door.  Turn left, and walk down the hall.  Enter another bedroom by the first doorway on your right.
Go through the doorway at the end of the hall, turn left and go passed the green couch. Go to the right of the tv and stop.
Continue alongside the glass on the left. Stop at the double wooden doors.
Exit the room, go down the hall through the door at the end. Wait in the doorway.
Turn around and walk towards the bed, turn left, pass the dining table, look straight ahead and walk toward the small refrigerator under the counter on the right.
on the cabinet, in front of the picture, on the right of the lamp
Walk into the building and walk right past the chairs. Walk behind the couch and stop just inside the kitchen area.
The bread is in the food bar.
Go straight down the hallway and turn to the right, then turn right again.  Continue past the room with the two chairs.  When you get to room 339, go into it.  Wait there.
Turn around and face the doorway. Go through it. Once through it, turn left and go near the fireplace. Head left and through the bathroom door.
The stool is placed near a big conference and a tea room.
Exit the room and then turn right on the second door and wait by the glass furniture.
Walk downstairs and wait near the bottom.
Walk straight past the 1 on the left side. Turn right and then right again. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Turn left and then go up the two steps of the stairs on the left. Stop there.
Walk through the kitchen area past the table. Walk into the next room and walk towards the first open door. Walk through the door with a hanging painting, which leads to a bedroom. Walk through the bedroom and into the bathroom with tiled floor.
The picture is set on the left of the corridor.
Turn right. exit bathroom. turn right into bedroom. walk from bedroom into the bathroom on the other side.
It lies on the head of the bed,below an air conditioning.
Finish going down the stairs and then turn left and walk down the hallway parallel to the stairs.  Start to go down the stairs in front of the animal head on the wall and stop on the first step from the top.
Leave the bathroom area and walk past the bed into the hallway.  Keep going straight until you reach the top of the stairs.  Stop by the sculpture close to the top of the stairs.
Take a right then take another right into the bedroom with two beds. Take a left and wait in the entrance to the bathroom.
Turn around and take a right. Enter into the bedroom on the left and wait there.
Turn left and go up the steps then turn right and wait at the entrance by the sink.
With the window showing the outdoors behind you, walk forward past the lattice work divider and past the two chairs on your right and the table on your left. Once past the two chairs and just prior to a couple of steps down, turn right and go through the doorway.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and enter the room and keep walking towards the staircase. Enter the hallway to the left and wait at the end of the hallway.
Walk around the pews and towards the front of the room with the paintings of religious figures and a stage area.
at the corner of the changing room;beside a shower cubicle;
Turn around and walk through the kitchen. Then turn right and walk into the dinning room.
Picture on the wall of the corridor
The bathing room is close to the toilet and bedroom.
Exit the room. Walk straight down the hallway. Go slightly left to continue down the hallway. Pass the stairs on the left. Wait near the kitchen bar with the chair/stools.
There is a large wardrobe and a laundry basket in this man washroom.
Walk past the sitting room and to the right. Go to the end of the corridor and wait inside the office.
next to a treadmill, next to a plant
Turn around. Go forward a few steps then turn right. Walk towards the chairs in front of you then wait there.
Right above the bathtub, face the shower head.
exit laundry room. turn slightly right. walk to stairs.
Walk towards the balcony and take a right into the hallway. Walk straight and take a right, then another right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the chevron picture on the wall.
Exit the bathroom, enter the bedroom on the left and wait across the room in the en suite bathroom.
Turn around and exit the door behind you. Once out turn left and go across the room. Stop before you reach the pool with the wood door to your left.
The area has a door and a large wardrobe.
The door is in the living room.
Walk out of the bathroom and through the door on the left. Walk to the end of the hallway. Turn right and continue down the rest of the hallway. Stop in the doorway on the left at the end of the hallway.
a room within three advanced instruments;
Go down the stairs to the main entryway and turn left. Stop in the entryway to the office on the left.
Leave the bathroom, turn right, leave the bedroom, go up the stairs, and wait.
Turn right and then turn left to enter the laundry room. Wait there.
Walk out towards the sofa couch that is directly in front of you and make a left. Continue to walk straight until you reach the bar stools in the kitchen that are facing the bar counter. Wait there.
Walk towards the door going outside. In front of the door turn right. Walk across the room. Once you are in front of the stairs, turn left and enter the room. Stop once in the door.
The lamp is set next to a white stool in a corner.
Walk through the door and down the hall into the the bedroom. Walk left to the doorway and stop.
Walk through the room and exit through the double doors on the left. Wait in the room across the hall next to the cheetah painting.
Leave the bathroom, and take a left. Take another left into a bedroom. In the bedroom take a left into the closet. Step to the left and stop.
Exit bedroom to hallway, turn right go down hall, and turn right into bedroom. Stop at table with lamp.
The shelf is in the corner of the living room.
Head down the line of windows with the frosted glass. Stop next to the wheelchair.
there are several different pillows put on the target, and two glass made tea table put in front of it
Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward again and stop at the painting.
Walk forward and enter the hallway to the left. Continue into the next room and stop behind the chairs at the bar.
The cabinet is in a storeroom.
The bed is in the bedroom, which is the first room on the left hand side of the corridor after going up the stairs on the second floor.
Exit the kitchen and move through the dining area.  Turn right through the open door and go straight down the hallway.
Go down the stairs to the landing. Stop on the landing.
Walk into the house and to the left past the couch. Walk left into the hallway and turn right. Stop by the couch.
Walk straight down the hallway until you get to the room with the high ceiling.  Turn ninety degrees to your right.  There is a large couch and a fireplace in front of you.  Walk between the couch and the fireplace.  You will pass a ficus plant on your right.  When you reach the hallway on your right, turn so that you are looking down the hallway.  Enter the hallway, and stop when there is a staircase on your left.
Walk into the hall and past the stairs. Turn left down the hallway past the end table. Turn right past the front door and stop by the railing.
The book is set behind a chair and next to a fan.
It hangs on the roof and there is a roof light attached to it.
The bedroom connects with a sauna and has dome lights.
Exit bathroom to bedroom and continue through to hallway into kitchen. Stop at microwave.
Walk out of the office through the wooden door. Turn in the hallway to the right and follow into the room straight ahead with the open door. Walk into that room which is empty except for two office chairs.
Walk forward and then turn left to walk down the hallway. Once you reach the clear glass wall on your right without black at the top, turn left and enter the hallway. Walk forward and enter the first door to your right and stop.
The washstand is in the living room.
Walk straight down the hallway and wait in the bedroom at the end.
Turn 90 degrees left and go down the steps all the way to the bottom. Walk forward until you stand next to the painting of popcorn.
next to a closestool, in front of the towels
Walk out of the bedroom and make a sharp turn left. Walk down the stairs and turn right. Stop on the landing.
Facing the patio door take a right and walk down the hallway. Enter the TV room at the end of the hallway and stand next to the lamp.
Make a right around the corner of the first lounger on the right. Walk to the end of the hall with the three pieces of wall art. Make a right into the bathroom, facing the sinks.
The paintings are set on a white wall, above a brown wooden table and near the stair.
The chair is set near a big table with a metal sink and in front of a big gray cabinet.
Enter the dining area. Turn right. Exit through the first door on the right. Turn left. Enter the farthest door on the right leading to a restroom. Wait there.
Walk up the red stairs. Stop where the stairs come to a break.
Walk towards the staircase.  Continue passed the staircase on the right. Walk straight down the hallway beside the room with the double doors. Continue straight down the hallway pass the sitting area and fireplace on the right.  Turn right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
With the door at your back walk to your right. Walk through the kitchen and stop in front of the bedroom door on the right.
Leave the room and take a right before you reach the stairs. In the hallway go straight and enter the sitting room, going down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The area is on the left side of the exit and opposite to a no entry room.
Go up the three steps and to the right and up the small set of stairs, go down the hall and make a right at the first doorway on the right, go into the doorway and stop.
Walk into the kitchen.  Walk past the refrigerator.  Stop directly in front of the wooden table.
The chair is on the right side of a wooden table under a wooden box, near a beige, floriated sofa and near a red chair.
Turn around and walk to the right side of the room past the purple and orange furniture. Once you pass the large silver thing to your right, turn right and walk out the door leading outside. Stop once you are outside.
go straight beside the table, turn right at the end of the table, go straight and turn right beside the table and walk straight beside the table.
Go into the large room with a large rug, and keep going through the room to the door on the other end, into a room with a piano, and wait at the entrance.
in the middle of two same doors,under a tube
Walk forward and follow the railing, turn in the first door on your left and enter the bedroom. In the bedroom, turn right and walk all the way to the other side and enter the bathroom door to your left and stop.
Exit the bathroom and head left down the hallway. Keep going until there is an arch ahead, and turn left from the arc, stopping in front of the front door.
Go down the two steps, pass the bathtubs. Go down two more steps, turn left, and wait there.
Turn to the left and climb over the rope.  Go down the hallway.  Jump over the rope on the right side at the end of the hallway.  Wait right there by the fireplace.
The meeting room is along a corridor leading to the lobby and behind a stairway door.
Exit the sauna and walk through the doorway on the left. Turn left, then walk through the second doorway. Wait in the bathroom by the partition.
The stool is set in a tearoom.
Go up the stairs and take a right into the main room going straight into the living room and stopping behind the couch on the right side near the door.
it  is located in a garden on the second floor
Turn right. Walk all the way down the hallway. Turn left and stand near the sink faucet.
The massage bed is located in a gymnasium.
Head straight until you get to the closet and wait inside.
Walk toward the fireplace. Walk straight until you pass the couches then turn right and wait near the benches by the large glass windows.
Walk into the room with red curtains.  Continue past the bed, and in through the next doorway.  Wait there.
There are three chairs with the same size and state on its right and five chairs with the same size and state opposite to the chair.
Turn left and then wait next to the fire place on the right.
Go past the two chairs to the kitchen. Go through the door on the left.
Walk around the dining room table and take a right. Walk past the tea set on the left and into the sitting room. Turn right and walk between the two pink sofa chairs. Turn slightly right and walk into the bathroom and wait near the sink.
Head into the hallway and turn right.  Go through the room with white furniture.  Head through the doorway and stop.
Enter inside and turn right. Walk forward passing the staircase on your right. Keep walking forward, and pass the dining table. Walk towards the sink faucet on your left, and stop there.
Go up the stairs, continue straight and take a right at the piano. Take another right into the small room.
The TV is embed in the wall of big bedroomwhich is close to curtainsopposite the shower room.
Walk down the stairs to the first land and wait there, near the baluster.
Walk through the door and out of the attic bedroom. Turn right and walk down the small corridor to a living room with a glass coffee table.Walk past the coffee table and down the long corridor which has a settee to the left before entering the corridor. Wait in the corridor at the first doors you come to, with open doors on both the left and the right.
Walk through the doors and past the sink, make a right past the kitchen counter and then towards the open doors. Stop once you're near the table.
Turn left and exit through the wood door. Turn right and go up the stairs. Once upstairs turn left and walk forward to the door leading outside. Stop in the doorway facing outdoors.
Go straight into the house using the large door and walk toward the round table. Turn left when you get to the table and wait at the entrance of the room on the left.
The lamp is near a corridor and a storage room.
on a black table,next to a black chair,in front of a wall painting,face the carbinet
Walk up the ascending stairs, and take a right to continue going up the stairs. Stop on the stair that is the fourth from the top.
Walk forward towards the couch, and between the couch and the chair. Take a left at the counter and walk to the end of the room and take a left in the hallway. Enter the room and stop on the inside of the room past the doorway.
The chair faces a big pool and next to a small pool.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Turn right and go straight past railing then turn left and go into the room on the right. Wait near the bed.
Go past water cooler. Exit the room. Stop in front of the desk.
Travel to the bedstand left of the bed, and exit out the door to the left. Turn left and down the hallway to the bathroom sink.
There are a hair dryer and a trashcan in the man washroom.
The chair is set in a spacious dining room.
Go to the right of the counter, turn right and go past the table and chairs.  Turn right and walk past the couch.  Turn left and go out the door.  Stop right when you get outside.  Wait.
next to the wall, below the lamp
Go across the room passed the chairs. turn left and enter the kitchen. Turn slight right to avoid the chairs and counter.continue passed the dining table and stop behind the couch.
Walk forward staying to the right and moving towards the stairs. Turn right when you reach the stairs (don't go up or down the stairs). Go past the staircases and forwards towards the room with the double doors that have the horizontal openings. Turn left while you are still in this hallway (Don't go through the double doors). You will be just past the double doors and facing a large potted plant. You should go slightly right towards the small two paneled door that is visible to the right of the potted plant. Stop when you are just outside this room, which is a small half bath with a vessel sink.
near a door, on the fourth layer of the shelf
Exit the bedroom, and keep walking forward until you see one set of stairs. Climb up to the top of the  stairs, and stop there.
Walk passed stairs into room on the right, stop at counter with books.
Walk down the hall and through the doorway. Walk past the mirror and stop in the doorway.
Leave the gallery and make a right and go into the hallway. Go to the right to walk past the table and walk past the room divider. Stand in the doorway of the room on the right.
Exit kitchen, walk toward dinning room, make a left past dinning table, and wait at door.
The stool is placed under the table below the flower.
Walk straight down the hallway, make a sharp left, then turn right into the bedroom.
below the TV, over against the bed
leave bedroom to hallway. turn slight right and enter hall way, turn slight left to kitchen, stop at counter.
Walk towards the couch in the living room that's across from the kitchen. Go past the couch and continue to the dinning table. Stop at the first dinning chair at the table.
Leave the kitchen, go past the stairway and bear to the right of the double doors. Turn right and go to the last door on the right. Enter the bedroom and wait at the entrance.
Walk down the stairs.  Make a left at the foot of the stairs.  Go through the doorway into the room with the desk in the middle and bookcases on the walls.  Walk past the desk, with the desk on your right, and through the doorway.  Stop in the doorway, facing the photocopy machine.
There is a plant on its left. It has a display underneath it
There are two chairs with the same size and state on its right and two chairs with the same size and state on its left.There are four chairs with the same size and state opposite to it.
Head up the stairs, go straight past the first two tables and stop at the third table.
Exit the wine cellar and turn left and go up the stairs. When you get up to the top turn left and go up three steps then stop.
Walk across the room towards the right. Go towards the columns to the left and enter the sitting areas. Walk to the last sitting area on the end with the brown chairs. Stop at the end of the couch in this sitting area facing the sitting area and the glass windows.
Enter the hallway, walk to the end and up the steps. Wait inside the bathroom to the left of the steps.
The vase is set on a brown and wooden table surrounded by four chairs and in front of two paintings.
The bath is under the metal water pipe and it has two pipe switches.
above the clock,on the wall opposite to the door and on the right of the printer
Take a right immediately before the pool table. Wait by the doorway leading into the home theater.
Walk forward and turn right. Walk forward slightly and turn left. Walk forward and wait in the bedroom with 2 beds.
Go along the patio to the left of the black pillars and then through the last and second to last pillar, go to the top of the stairs straight ahead and stop on the white tile before the staircase.
The laundry is flanked by bedrooms, and there is a chandelier in front.
below a stairs, next to a wall
Head up the stairs and make a left, keep going straight through the doors to the bedroom and make a slight right through the bedroom and wait just inside the bathroom.
Exit the conference room. Make a right and go down the hallway. Make a left into the first open door and wait just inside the room.
Go check on the bathroom that is in the bedroom as soon as you walk through the door off the porch.
in the corner of a wall.
Enter the building and walk through the dining room. Walk past the flat screen on the left and enter the hallway. Wait near the phone.
The phone is put in a study.
Turn left. Proceed straight ahead until you come to a couple of steps.  There will be a swimming pool on your right. Continue straight ahead until you come to a table and chairs in the corner of the portico. There is a small bush almost directly and slightly to the right of you in front of the table and chairs.
The tissue is near a toilet and under some switches.
Go forward. Turn left. Go forward. Turn right. Go to couch and stop.
Enter the building.  Walk down the hall with the translucent wall on your left.  At the end of that wall, turn left and walk across the room past the red and purple couches.  When you get to the small staircase on your left, stop there.
The balcony is next to a study room and a garden
Exit the massage room, and make a right and go into the rightmost room, step in and stop near the white table thing.
Walk behind the back of the couch and past the table with flowers. Walk toward the front door and turn right. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn around and head toward the kitchen area. Turn left and walk along the bar area behind the stools. Once you reach the other end of the bar, turn right and enter the doorway to the left. Turn left to enter the door at the end and stop.
Go to the end sitting area,. go pass the television area on your right, head to the table in the corner and stop at the first chair of that table, face the corner.
Turn around and turn left down the hallway. Go just passed the doorway at the end of the hall.
Exit the bedroom. Turn left and walk past the staircase and through door. Make an immediately left and step into the bedroom, pass the brown dresser and wait in front of the round table with the glass top.
Walk toward the end of the hall where there are lockers, a sink, and a seating area with stools. Turn left down the hall just before reaching that area. Continue down this hall until it turns left. Stand just inside of the first room on the right, with 3 white tables having 4 black chairs each.
Leave the Garden room, and head into the sunset  bedroom straight across. Enter the bathroom in the room. Stop before you reach the sink.
Start walking towards the living room and once under the staircase turn right. Enter the hallway and wait in front of the painting on the wall.
The sofa is beside the chair and lamp.
Turn left and walk past the brown couch. Walk straight towards the fireplace and turn left. Walk towards the open wooden doors. Pause inside the doorway that leads to a dining room.
Turn around and walk towards the pool and around to the left side of the pool. Once you are beside the pool, turn left and enter the doors to the far left to go inside. Stop once inside facing the large dining table.
next to a chair, under a lamp
Exit the laundry room through the doorway. Turn left and walk down the hallway.  Walk past the kitchen and dining area to the door that leads outside.  Step onto the door mat and stop.
Exit the room and turn right. Walk toward the sink area to your left. Turn left and exit through the double doors. Wait in the Reception area near the elevators.
Turn left and go past the light blue chairs then go past the pink chairs. Enter the room using the door on the left and wait near the table and chairs.
Follow the deck outside to the picnic table and stop.
The mirror is in the bedroom.
Go through the doorway beside the piano. Continue through until you pass another doorway. Turn right and wait beside the window.
The block is on the side of balcony.
Walk straight ahead down the hallway and stop in the first doorway to the left.
Travel up the stairs. At the top make a left and go down the hallway to the door on the right. Go through the door and into the room with two green chairs. Stop after going through the doorway.
Go downstairs, at the level turn left and go down the stairs halfway and stop.
Exit the room. Turn right and walk toward the pool. Turn into the room to the left of the exercise bike. Stop between the two beds.
Turn right. Walk around kitchen island. Turn right around kitchen island. Stop in front of counter to left of the stove.
exit study room, walk all the way passing windows, turn left, walk down stairs, wait near door.
Turn around and take a left after the stool. Take another left after the chair. Wait in front of the mirror on the other side of the open door.
Walk into the hallway and turn right.  Walk to the end of the hallway and stand under the exit sign.
Leave the TV room. Go straight and take the first right into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Enter large lobby and turn left. walk to the end of the room at center through double doors and stop on porch.
The toilet is created in a bathroom belong to the bedroom which is face the stairs
Turn left and walk through the dining room. Go through the double doors and wait in the hallway.
Walk forward to the dining room table. Turn left and enter the room. Wait at the chair by the door.
Turn around and walk past the chairs. Go around the wooden building to the right, and stop in the the doorway to the glass section.
Go down the hallway.  Turn left and head up the stairs.  Stop on the landing where both staircases meet.
Walk forward through door. Turn right. Stop by the rightside sink.
Enter the house, walk all the way through to the back patio, wait by the jacuzzi.
next to a chair, facing a table
Walk into the bedroom to the left of the red painting and then walk out onto the deck outside.  Stop after stepping onto the deck.
Head right and walk towards the statue, stopping once you're into the room with all of the open doors.
Turn around and go passed the fireplace towards the staircase. Then turn right and go through the door towards the banquet table and stop.
The sink is in a toilet.
The towel is in a toilet.
With your back facing the window, walk straight past the tv (on your left) and sofas (on your right). Walk up the two steps and your destination will be the hallway entrance at the immediate left following the steps.
Turn right and go passed the red and purple furniture. Go to the right and follow the hall outside. Then stop next to the red sculpture.
Leave the bedroom and go down the hallway to the right. take a right and go towards teh bear and go down the first two stairs and stop.
Exit the room and turn right. Go up the three steps and turn right. Wait by the glass door.
Turn around and go to the end of bed, just over the dooway into the empty closet and sink and stop.
turn right, past the white char on the right, keep straight until you reach a glass door on the left, enter the door.
turn left, then go right, stop near the doormat near the house door.
Exit the bedroom into the hall and turn left. Walk through the kitchen and enter the door next to the grey chair against the wall. Stop in front of the dishwasher.
Go around the left of the pool, then take the steps down to the lounging area.
Walk between the tall marble pillars. Follow the walkway to the left then head towards the metal floor fan towards the right. Stop before the floor fan.
Behind it are curtains, There is a black and yellow painting on its right side.
The office is on the first floor and next to the stairs.
Walk down the hall with the twisty plants on your right. Stop next to the final plant.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Turn right at the first doorway and stop near the kitchen counter.
Move around the bed through the entryway between the dressers. Make a right and continue past the stairs. Facing the bathroom, move right and stop just inside the bedroom.
Walk straight and exit the room. Turn left in the second door and wait hear the sink.
Move between the two covered chairs and towards the house. Proceed ahead through the open patio doors that lead inside. As soon as you enter the house and are facing the black and white rug stop. You should be just inside the doorway (before you get to the rug).
Walk forward to exit the hallway. Upon exiting the hallway, turn right to step through the doorway, and then turn right again to enter the bathroom. Wait just inside the door.
The keyboard is in a bedroom.
Go up the stairs, and go right. Veer right, and enter the suite on the right. Stop once you are in the doorway.
Go toward the stairs, and take a left into the kitchen. Take the left beyond the dining table. Enter the living room on the left, and stop.
Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the bed into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Head to the right past the reception desk, down the hallway and stop at the end, inside the double glass doors.
is's in a rest room on the first floor
walk down hall toward bedroom, turn left at hallway, turn slight left into next hallway. turn slight right to bedroom, walk into bedroom and stop at dresser.
Walk through the open circular room past the armchairs and piano that are in the middle of the room. Walk up the small set of steps and stop at the top.
Go straight until you pass the stairs then turn left and go straight until you go into the last room on the right and wait there by entrance.
Exit the room then go straight and enter the second door on the left. Wait by the two beds.
The microwave is settled in the corner of a kitchen on the first floor.
Make a sharp right turn walking out of the storage closet. Turn right and walk outside the door and stop.
below a security identifier;opposite a TV hung on the ceilng;
Exit the bathroom. Walk straight and exit the room. Turn left and wait there.
The table is settled on the opposite side of a narrow room with a carbinet.
Walk through the kitchen and take a left. Enter the door second on the left. Stop inside the room next to the door.
Walk into the bedroom, past the end of the bed and stop in the archway to the office.
Leave the storage closet and make a u-turn to the left.  Go through the doorway and wait on the landing.
Walk around the bed and into the bathroom. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk through the closet and into the laundry room. Turn right and walk into the hallway and turn left. Stop in front of the bench.
Go straight through the way passed the outside doors leading to the hot-tub on the left, turn left into the archway on the right, take a step through and stop.
Go out take right side upstairs. wall post is there.
The mirror is on the opposite side of a corridor with a wooden stair.
Walk past Spider-Man statue and into the hallway.  Continue straight past the wooden table and "Pulp Fiction" poster.   Walk through the glass door.  Wait by the window.
Place the white and black painting to your back, and walk forward towards the staircase into the room.  Continue into the room until you can turn left and walk behind the grey couch, with the glass table with blue chairs on your right.  Walk to the end of the table and turn right.  Walk forward and stop in the middle of the room.  You should be the same distance from the white wall, blue chairs, black support beam, and clear metal bar stools in the middle of the room.
It was facing an identical chair with its back to the wall.
The lamp is settled near a black sculpture, on a black bedside table and on the right side of a white and brown bed.
Walk through the kitchen past the dining room table and chairs and turn right. Walk right past the trash can. Walk left past the chairs. Walk past the and table and turn left. Stop in the hallway.
under the mirror, On the wall above the sink
Exit the closet and make a right to exit the bedroom and enter the hallway.  In the hallway, take the first door on your left.  Then walk straight down that hallway until you get to the light wood table with the two green chairs.
Walk straight past the bar with the stool/chairs. Go outside using the large glass doors and wait in the balcony.
The glass is set in the spacious livingroom.
Turn right and walk down the hallway and enter the living room.  Then walk by the front doors and stop on the first set of stairs.
Walk down the long hall with the window on the right. Stop next to the fire extinguisher.
Walk into the hall and turn right.  Then walk to the end of the hall.  Stand at the end of the hall.
The cabinet is in the kitchen on the first floor.
Go through the wide arched opening at the opposite corner of the dining area you're in and go into the kitchen. Continue past the kitchen island and through the door opening just to the right of the small build in desk. Stop once you're fall enough into that area to be able to turn right.
The medel is in the canteen.
near a counter, against a wall
on the first floor of the cup holder, in the central of the cup holder, in the middle of two cups
Turn around and walk through the open doorway into the dining room. Turn right and walk into the foyer. Move forward towards the chair and enter the archway to your right. Turn a slight left, move forward and stop in the entrance to the bedroom on the right.
in front of a mirror, next to a flower
Walk to the top of the stairs and wait by the lamp.
go through door, turn left, enter bathroom,.
Leave the bedroom through the first door on the left. Step onto the patio and walk to the right. Enter the living room through the patio door. Stop on the right rug once you enter the house.
The chair is in a small single office.
walk forward then turn right, walk straight until you reach the counter table.
Turn around and exit the bedroom. Walk into the room that has a picture of a cheetah to the left of the doorway and wait there.
The restroom is on the life side of the stairs.
Go down the stairs. Turn left and then left again. Wait near the table and chairs.
Turn and around and take a right turn to go between the benches. Turn left passed the pillar and stop at the end of the first bench on the right.
Walk past gold garbage can. Wait under crystal lighting.
on a door, against the wall
Walk towards the outside patio set, and stop in front of the gray door directly across from it.
exit bathroom to bedroom, turn right and walk across room to open door, enter hallway and turn left. Go to end of hallway turn right and enter dining room. Stop at dining room table.
The stone is set in a tearoom.
Exit bathroom turn right and enter bedroom. Turn right and stand next to curved couch.
a narrow washroom by side of the hallway;
walk down the cement walkway and through the door into the building.  Walk through the door and to the entrance to the bedroom.
Walk up stairs, at stairs intersection turn left and go up stairs. Stop next to Monroe art.
Turn right and walk towards the sofa. Turn left and exit the room and wait there.
Go to the left side of the fireplace and turn left. Follow the hall way all the way to the end of it. Wait at the entrance to the bathroom.
Go past the picture with a lady, out of the room and into the foyer.  Walk past the dining room and stop on the side of the stairs under a ceiling fan facing the back of a couch.
Go into big room with area rug, turn right and keep going straight over the four pointed star on the floor, go through doorway into bedroom and wait near the grey storage thing.
Walk through the dining room towards the kitchen.  Turn left upon entering the kitchen.
It has two plants on the left and a display on the right.
The chair is in an empty room 345.
Descend the remainder of the stairs, keep advancing until your even with a plant on the right. Change your direction of travel, and head left down the remaining stairs. Pivot to the right and advance to the doorway. Take a sharp right turn and walk forward down those stairs. Advance into your position until you are next to the small table on the left. Go forward into the dining room then halt in this area.
Head straight past the books and table until you get to the stairs. Wait there.
Go behind you and enter the door on the right. Stop inside the room near the grey chair.
The restroom is in the bedroom which is at the right turn of the gate.
The dustbin is set near the gate and the front desk.
Exit the room and go straight toward the couch and stop there.
Walk past the dining table towards the kitchen.  Before entering the kitchen, at the column, turn right and walk over the circle decoration on the floor and into the room beyond it.  Stop after stepping into this dining room.
go forward to the end of the first bench.
Leave dining room to hall way, turn right at pictures of kids on the wall to bedroom. Stop next to guitar.
The chair is set near a bedroom.
Turn right and walk through the kitchen past the sink and the stove. Wait in the doorway to the right.
The sink is in the restroom.
Turn so the windows of the room are on your left.  Walk to the end of the long table, next to the lamp.
Turn right and walk past the cabinets and desk area. Turn left and exit the room. Once out, turn right and start up the stairs. Stop on the 2nd step from the bottom.
Walk forward and exit through the far door on your left. Walk down the hall and stop with the fire extinguisher on your left before you reach the main entrance.
Turn to the right and walk into the room.  Walk between the table and the couch.  Walk on to the right and enter a small room with long blue drapes. Wait there.
It lies front of fake grass and a glass embeded in the stone wall.
in the middle of two different baskets; near three deck chairs.
There is a woody chair on its left. There are three ranges of benches on its right.
Go straight passed the kitchen counter, and turn right until you reach the closed door.
Go down the stairs, turn left into the dining room/living room, veer right an continue towards the open door between the dining room table and couch, stop once outside but next to the end table.
Walk to the kitchen on the right side of the room. Take a right at the first kitchen counter. Enter the bedroom that is through the first door on the left. Stop once you pass the doors.
Exit the bedroom. Go to the dining table Go to the wooden dining table in the next room.
The stool is placed under a yellow table, behind a white computer.
Turn around and take a left when you get to the kitchen area. Wait on the second step.
next to the glass door, next to the wall
The book is in a big meeting room.
Living room connected with balcony and gym
Exit the break room and walk into the office immediately to the right.
Walk towards the white couch inside of the house.  Walk in between the table and the couch to the top of the three stairs, then wait.
Exit the bedroom through the door near the sofa. Turn right through archway entering the landing. Take a slight left. Pass by by the entrance to the stairs and door on the left. Go forward through the doorway ahead. Turn left. Enter the bedroom. Pass by the bed and enter the bathroom through the doorway on the left. Stop there.
Step forward and turn to the right.  Walk through the room between the two couches.  Turn right past the couch and walk down the narrow hallway.  There is a doorway with stairs on your right off the hallway.  Walk past that doorway.  Enter the room with the wood floor in front of you and stop in front of the grey couch.
The mirror is on the top of the pool and to the right of the other mirror.
The cabinet is on a small attic, which is on the second floor.
Walk into the closet through the open doors. Walk through the closet door towards the sink area. Turn the corner near the sink and walk into the kitchen area and stop by the refrigerator.
Exit the bathroom and go towards the left.  Go through the pocket doors and enter the bedroom. Turn to the left sharply and stand in the entrance to the bathroom .
The handbag is near a corridor and a bathroom.
Walk through the narrow doorway between the two glass pane windows. Continue into the next room with a large floor rug and arm chairs around the room. Walk past the couch in the middle and past the music box. Walk through the arched window door in the middle of the wall ahead and stop in the hallway.
Leave the bathroom and go right.  Turn right again and walk past the table with the glass counter top.  Stop once you step on the marble floor.
Turn right and head towards the hall way. Make a left at the door labeled restrooms than make your immediate right. Turn left at the first door and the destination is there.
Go to the desk Go to the painting Go to the patio Go to the grill.
Exit bedroom to hall left of stairs. Enter bedroom and immediately turn left into bathroom. Wait before toilet.
The bowl is in a kitchen with wood floor on the first floor.
Walk down the hall and turn left by the round pillar. Walk to the end of the hall and turn left just before the double doors and stop by the desk.
Walk out of the bathroom and into the room across the hall. Stop by the table and chairs.
Turn right and walk to the door on the right 2nd closest to the stairs. Stop once you enter the door and are looking at the bathroom .
The dustbin is on the left of a black box,on the right side of the printer and in front of the socket.
The cabinet is in a utility room.
Walk across the hall and out the door. Wait on the other side of the bed, near the railing.
Walk into the bathroom, go right into the bedroom. Take the first door on the left and stop once you reach the painting on the right.
Turn right and walk along the rug. Make a right hand turn at the end of the hallway. Walk between the table and the pedestal to the top of the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairway.
The mouse is in a big office that is large enough for six people to work.
The chair is near a rest room and a corridor.
The desk is surrounded by a lot of red chairs and next to a picture on the wall.
The picture is on the wall and on the top of the sofa.
Walk away from the sinks and exit through the doorway Once out of the bathroom proceed towards your right at the end of the hallway walk through the last doorway on your right that says Turk Hamami Sauna continue straight and walk through the doorway with a brown rug in front of it. Stop in front of the shoes and towels set out.
The screen is in a bedroom.
between a door and a television, near a romote control.
At the top of the stairs turn right and keep going straight down the hallway.  Stop in the doorway of the bedroom at the very end.
With the door to your left and the painting to your right, start walking down the hallway and then take four steps up the stairs to your left at the end of the hallway.
Facing the map on the wall take a left and walk straight going pass the kitchen and take a right into the hallway and main entry stopping right next tot he door handle.
The door is between the living room and the balcony.
on the furnace, next to anothe glass
Go out into the hallway and turn left. Then veer slightly left at the flowers, past the stairs and stop next to the table and chairs across from the kitchen.
Exit the room, turn left, walk all the way down the hallway to the open door, wait in the doorway.
Turn around and walk past the kitchen and into the living room. Wait near the fireplace.
Go down the hallway and turn left when you get to a door. Pass one pot with a plant and before you get to the second one turn left on the second entrance. Pass the table and chairs and turn right. Head into the living room and wait by the fireplace.
the lamp is in the living room
Walk around the bed in the bedroom. Walk into the closet area on the other side of the bed that has empty shelves inside.
Walk down the small set of steps to the floor below. Turn the corner to the right. Walk past the red sofa chair and continue down the walkway past the glass doors to outside. Walk through the concrete wall entryway and stop near the glass doors to the bedroom area.
next to a laundry basket, against a wall
TURN RIGHT TO FACE AN OPEN DOOR WITH A CABINET ON THE RIGHT, WALK THOUGH THE DOOR INTO A HALLWAY, TURN LEFT AND WALK DOWN A SHORT HALLWAY, FACING A NEW ROOM WITH A COUCH ON THE RIGHT AND A STAIR CASE ON THE LEFT AND WITH A DOOR WAY IN FRONT OF YOU WALK FORWARD TOWARDS THE DOORWAY, WALK TO THE END OF THE HALL SO THAT YOU ARE FACING TWO BEDROOMS, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT AND WALK INTO THE BEDROOM ON THE LEFT HAND SIDE.
The flowers are in a dining room.
The study is next to a bashroom and facing a long corridor.
There are some pillows put on the sofa ,and another single sofa is put next to it
The bedroom is next to a long corridor and has a tiny balcony.
The dining room is on the first floor and next to the kitchen.
by side and at the end of the hallway;
Walk forward. and wait in the room with black couch.
Walk straight and wait just outside the front door.
Leave the laundry room and take a right. Go straight towards the round table, and stop before you reach the couch between the table and couch.
Turn around and walk over to the stairs then go down them and wait on the first landing.
There is a big bathtub under the sprinkler and a curtain near it.
Go up the stairs and turn right at the first landing. Continue up the stairs. Stop on the third step from the top.
One door on each side
The glass is placed on a big table surrounded by ten chairs and next to three cups.
The tissue is in a bathroom.
Walk straight and turn into the bedroom on the left. Turn into the bathroom on the right and stop by the sink.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn right in front of the plants and walk into the room past the glass shelf. Walk across the room into the sauna. Stop just inside the sauna.
The display is placed near a bigger conference and next to the hall.
Turn around and exit the bathroom. Continue to exit the bedroom and enter the hall. In the hall take a left and then stop right next to the sofa.
Go up the stairs. Turn left. Turn right. Walk straight until you get to a table with chairs.
Walk past the shower and the sink. Take the door on the left out into the bedroom. Exit the bedroom on the right. Walk past the large red and beige painting. Enter the bedroom with the balcony and stop beside the white chair with the blue pillow that's by the door.
Make a right from the elevator and walk towards the stairs. Go into the hallway on the right and turn left. Walk to the end of the hall and make a slight right turn. Go into the bedroom and into the bathroom on the right side of the room. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk inside then turn left and go past the kitchen. Go into the living room and wait near the white couches.
There are three mirrors and two sinks installed in the bathroom, and the bathroom is the one in big bedroom which attached with a dressing room and balcony.
The washing machine is set on the right side of a white washing machine and on the left side of a white sink.
Walk past the long table towards the sliding glass doors. Wait by the door.
There are two same wooden ancient style chairs put at the entrance to the living room, which is placed close a wooden prop and close to the front door.
Exit the room and go up the stairs on the slight right. Wait five steps to the top.
Go down the flight of stairs. Take a left and go down another flight of stairs.
Walk straight through the living room and passing the fireplace on the right. Stop in front of the door after you pass the couch.
Walk down the two flights of stairs, stop at the end of the stairs.
The paper towel is near a dining room.
The photo is near a toilet and a corridor.
The washroom is inside the office, which is on the first floor and next to the stairs.
With the railing on your left walk forward and take a left at the stairs and to past the stairs and take a right into the hallway and stop just outside of the door on the left in the hall.
Go into the house and take a left at the end of the entry way. Go straight and into the dining groom through the first wall on the right. stop in the dining room doorway.
Opposite to the sink is a shower room.
Turn right and head towards the bathroom. walk through the bathroom and head to the other side. Stop once you reach the other end.
You're in a closet.  Walk out of the closet and turn to the left.  and go through the doorway.  Go to the right and veer to the right.  Stop and wait at the top of the stairs.
There is a desk and a bench near the chair.
Exit the room through the middle door. Turn left, and walk directly in front of the stairs.
on the table and next to the window
Go straight then turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left and wait in room with a pool table.
Walk straight through sliding glass door to patio. Stop right when you get outside before loungers.
Walk through the doorway and then make a hard left past the dining room table and towards the open doorway, stop once you're outside.
Walk into the bathroom, and go left. Enter the closet and stop once you pass the doorway.
Turn left, walk outside.
The scissors are in an office which  contains numerous drink and snacks
Go up the stairs and enter the kitchen, straight ahead. Stop near the table with the three covered cake plates.
The area has three pictures on the wall and two doors.
The plant is placed in a blue basin in front of a window and near a tall lamp.
Exit the bedroom, go straight through the room and step through the swivel doors and step in and stop.
There are many paintings on the wall of the living room.
walk towards railing. Turn right and walk down hallway towards feather painting. turn right at feather painting and walk down hallway. make first right into bathroom. stop when you enter the bathroom.
Follow the walkway to the door. Stop at the doorway with the plant.
Walk down the hall.  Keep  going until you get to the brown closet doors on the right.  Then you will stop and wait.
Walk down the hall, following the carpet.  Continue on down the hall.  When you are at the last doors on the right, turn there.  Do not enter the bathroom, but wait just outside.
Go down the rest of the stairs and turn right.  Keep walking straight pass the dining area.  Stop when the kitchen area is on your left and the sitting area is on your right.  There will be a potted plant directly to your right and a wall with a fireplace directly in front of you and a door going outside directly to your left.
Go down the hallway to the room at the end. Turn right and walk past the desk and through the door. Go through the door on the left and wait in the shop.
Walk past he floral couch and go through the grey door. Turn right and head halfway down the stairs, arriving in the middle of the flight.
The mirrors are installed on the wall of bathroom which are farther to the door.
Turn let and go through the kitchen. Turn left and go past the table and chairs. Turn right and go into the mini gym. Wait near the treadmill.
Walk forward and follow the curves of the hallway. keep following the path of the hallway straight.  Do not make any sharp turns.Enter the bathroom and wait at the mirror.
Turn around, go past the chair, turn left again and go to the staircase.  Go up the stairs and then turn right until you are near a red chair.
The study is next to the dining roon and the bathroom on the second floor.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go through the door, exiting the bedroom and turn left again. Walk passed the lamp on the small table and go in the first room on the left.  Wait in the doorway next to the night stand.
Go on the outdoor sidewalk past the pool and continue until you stop where the table and chairs are on your left inside.
at the end of the hallway,tightly surrounded by walls on three sides;
Go up stairs an turn right. Go through doorway and walk towards bed. Wait at the end of the bed.
Go straight and then go left into the room with the number 1 sign.  Go around the staircase and stop in the tiled laundry room.
The flower is placed on the table against the wall.
From the top of the stairs go straight ahead until getting inside the bathroom.
on a blue tray of a desk,next to a magazine and  surrounded by six chairs
Go up the stairs, take a left and go into the hallway. Stop outside of the bathroom.
hung on the wall, above the toilet
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Turn right and walk up the small set of steps. Wait there.
Walk through the doorway directly left of the blue couch. Then walk through the second doorway, and stop directly in front of where the carpet and the wood floors meet.
Turn around and walk down the hall towards the lighted sconce on the wall. Wait in front of the lighted sconce. Three white cushioned chairs will be to your right.
Walk left out of the bathroom and out of the bedroom. Turn right and walk into the bedroom. Stop just inside the bedroom.
Walk through the living room area passed the curved couch.  Walk through the doorway and into the bedroom area. Walk passed the foot of the bed and into the lounge area with the sofa.
The flower is in the reception.
Turn around and go past the bed to the doorway.  Go through the doorway and across the hall, into the kitchen and stop there and wait.
The balcony is outside the bedroom and next to the washroom. There is some glass wall around the balcony.
Walk out the doorway, and turn in the first room on the right. Walk through the doorway, and stop immediatly.
move along the window and in front of the bed, veer right, head towards the door on the right of the far wall, exit the room and turn right, stopping at the top of the stairs.
Walk past table and through double doors. Turn right And continue straight. Turn left and walk towards the sitting area. Wait by the piano.
Walk forward pass the painting of the light bulbs. Once you pass them, turn down the first hallway to your left and stop before you can turn again.
The glass is behind a transparent dining-table and beside a picture with white border.
The lamp is on the right side of a blue and white bed, next to a guitar and on a beige drawer.
The tap is set in the kitchen.
The dustbin is in the number 365 reception room .
Exit the kitchen through the exterior door and turn right, then walk through the screen doorway. Wait on the deck by the screened wall and railing.
exit bedroom to hallway, turn left and go straight down hall to open door, stop in doorway facing christmas tree.
The television is in a living room.
Walk out of the cubical and turn left. Walk down the first hall to the left. At the first intersection, turn into the office on the left. Stop there.
against a wall hanging three pictures;
Go inside. Turn left and go down the hallway. Go straight into the room. turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Turn around and walk towards the staircase near the arm chairs. Walk passed the staircase and continue through the room to the kitchen area. Walk towards the fireplace and near the backside of the counter top.
Facing the green decoration go left through the archway, go through the room, go right and around the table, at the conference table turn right, go passed the table and stop.
Move forward, make slight right into the foyer, keep to the left, enter the second doorway on the right, and wait at the stairs.
Exit the closet and turn right. Move forward until you reach the corridor with the stone tiled flooring and turn right again. Continue into the room ahead and after entering, veer to the left slighting and stop in front of a backless settee.
Turn around and walk to the right of the room. Walk towards the stairs and then stop in the middle between the 2 sets of stairs at the bottom.
Walk through the entryway and through the open door into the home. Walk passed the cushioned benches and turn to walk passed the tiled room past the closed door with a plaque above the entry and stopping near the stairwell on the same wall.
The picture leaned against the wall and to the left of the sofa.
Walk along the hall with the guardrail past the stairs. Turn into the first doorway into the bedroom on the left. Stop between the bed and double closet doors.
under the mirror and the light
The gym is facing a long corridor and is next to a bashroom.
Go to the right and follow the hallway. Stop before going outside.
Go straight until you get past the Marilyn Monroe picture.  Turn left and enter a bedroom.  Stop when you get just to the bed.
Walk straight down the hallway. Stop just past the double doors.
Walk under the chandelier and up the marble steps.  Stop in between the base of the two red staircases.
Go down the stairs and turn left.  Walk straight until you get into a kitchen and sitting area.  Keep walking straight with the sofas on your left and stop when you reach the second sofa.
in front of a picture, above a drawer
The lamp is near a toilet.
Walk past the floral arrangement on the floor to the right. Walk past the potted plant on the floor to the right. Walk through the open white door. Wait at the wall radiator on the right.
on the wall, above a picture
Leave the washroom and enter the bedroom turn hard left and walk into the hallway. Continue straight down the hallway and up the stairs. Take a few steps then stop by the open door on the right.
Walk into the hallway and past the bench. Turn left and walk past the fireplace. Walk onto the stone tile floor and stop.
Head out doorway.  Make a right turn after exiting.  Walk towards the dining table.  Wait next to glass table.
Leave the dining room and walk in the direction of the couch ahead. Walk behind the couch and stop in front of the wall next to the oven.
Walk forward past the table with the lamp. Keep walking forward past the dining room table and stop in front of the stairs.
Turn to the left slightly and go forward heading towards the hallway this on the immediate center that leads to the first doorway on the left. Turn left and proceed down the hallway through the door and wait in the bedroom.
Walk past the bathtub and through the doorway to the left of the sink. Walk onto the hardwood floor and stop.
The dustbin is set near a bigger conference room and next to the hall.
Turn right and go into the hallway.  When you get to the next hallway, you could go left or right, you will stop there and wait in front of the exit sign.
Head to the left through the dining area, then veer right into the bathroom. Stop near the sink.
The table is below a painting and a vase.
Enter into the house from the backyard. You'll need to enter the room and go toward the white table with the vase and flowers in it. Walk behind the white couch. You may need to turn sideways and walk to the side while you round the couches. Pass the white table with flowers with it to your right.Turn left down the entry way. Toward the end of the entry way there will be stairs to your right. Go up the first stair and wait there for further instruction.
Walk inside and take a left towards the piano.  Wait at the set of stairs to the immediate left of the piano.
Walk into the living room, pass the sink with the bird background. Go out the door, turn left and wait by the clear glass vase on the floor.
The sofa is near a bedroom with a red bed and opposite to a white corridor.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right into the the bedroom. Turn right and walk into the study. Turn right and walk through the doorway and stop.
Exit the dining area. Walk to the left of the table with the white tablecloth. Wait next to the leather bench.
Walk between the stone walls and turn right at the bookcase. Walk across the room between the table and ping pong table and wait there.
Turn around, go past the table and chairs.  Go into the main part of the house and veer to the left in the dining room.  Go through a doorway and into a hallway.  You must stop when you get to the bedroom door.
Turn around and walk past the easel with the sign on it. Walk up to the second step.
Exit the room with the toilet.  Turn left at the shower.  Exit the room with the beds.  Keep walking until you can turn right.  Walk outside and stop.
walk on left side of kitchen island, turn left through doorway, walk on right side of glass table through doorway, turn left walk in front of black chair through doorway walk past foot of first bed and stop.
The closetool is near a bedroom and a laundry.
Turn around 180 degrees and exit the bathroom.  Take a 90 left turn outside the bathroom and go down the hallway.  When you come to the two doorsways, take the one 45 degrees to the left.
in the center of the rectangular room;
Go up the stairs and take a left into the hallway, and stop in the arched doorway.
above the dustbin,on the desk,on the right of the posters
Walk around the table down the length of the room.  Stop behind the first chair that faces the window with the bookcase behind you.
Go between the couches and TV, entering the nearest room.
The bed is beside a big window and two nightstands,one of which has a black remote control on it.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk across the hall and stop just inside the hallway.
Walk around the banister rail and stairwell. Continue down the hallway with paneled wall. Walk towards the open door at the end of the hall and stop at its entrance.
Walk out of the kitchen and take a right and another right out onto the deck. Take a left and head down the deck. Stop of the top stair of the deck.
The sofa is near a narrow empty room.
under the oven, next to the sofa
The trash can is under the table, beside the chair.
in the center of the room.
Turn around and stop near the glass office.
Go straight passed the front door on your left, and stop under the big circle light in the ceiling.
Walk along the hallway and exit the door labeled 04. Turn left and walk across the hallway. Wait at the entrance of the hallway.
The hairdryer is close to the bathroom and living room.
Go straight all the way down until you get to a room with a red comforter. U turn right and then turn left and go into the bathroom. Stand near the sink.
The vase is set in the corner of a big living room.
From bedroom walk outside and down concrete path. Stop at edge of pool on stepping stones next to bush.
Go down past some room dividers toward a glasstop desk, and turn into the dining area. Wait next to the large glass dining table.
Exit the closet into the bedroom, then continue towards the door on the opposite side and go out into the hallway. Go straight down and then right and enter the other bedroom from the door ahead to the other bedroom.
next to a bed, facing a chair
The lamp is on the right side of a white bed, near a colorful painting and near a blue chair.
Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom.  Once outside, turn right and enter the adjacent bedroom.  Stop in the doorway.
The bowl is placed on a table with white top and under a lamp.
Exit bedroom, walk down hallway, turn left at door, walk to stairs and wait there.
Turn around and pass the door on the left. Go down the long hallway to the door at the end. Travel up three stairs on the left.
After you leave the bathroom take a right and wait in the doorway.
Walk up the stairs. Stop at the second step from the top.
exit room, turn left, turn left agian, stop near table with plant.
Walk down stairs. Turn right at rug to next rug. Turn right again and walk through 2 sets of glass doors. Stop next to striped chair.
Go out the door on the left and then turn left and go into the other room. Turn right and go out into the hallway and wait there.
Exit the office, and make a right. Walk up stairs. Walk past the curved front console table on the right. walk down stairs. Wait at the piano.
Take a left. Take a slight right. Wait in the bathroom.
You want to walk towards the door that leads to the rest of the house.  You will pass a dresser and a TV on your right, and a mirror on your left.  After you walk past the door, you will turn left and walk down the stairs.
Exit the women's locker room and walk through the doors on the left away from the reception desk. Walk through the double doors on the left and wait in the hallway.
At the bottom of the stairs, take the first right and enter through the doorway. As soon as you are in the garage, continue to the closest door which should be on the right hand side. Enter through and you'll find a room that has a exercise machine, gym mats, a table, etc and that'll be your destination.
Move down the along the grey sidewalk on the right toward the first metal chair. .Go past the first chair and the goal is next to the second metal chair on the right.
Go down the stairs to your right and stop once you reach the bottom.
Walk past the foot of the bed on the right. Walk past the TV on the left. Exit the bedroom. Walk past the half wall on the right. Wait at the landing on the top of the stairs.
Turn around. and then go out the door to your right. Once out the door turn left and walk past the chairs on the left and table and chairs on the right. Go out the wood petition and turn right. Go to the doors on your left leading outside and stop.
Go straight down the hallway and take the first left into a bedroom. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Leave the bathroom and walk towards the round reception desk. take a left and walk towards the next round desk and enter the room first on your left. Stop in the doorway once you enter this room.
Leave the kitchen through the door near the refrigerator. Walk towards the exit door in the hall. Stop on the round decoration in the tile.
in front of the window and the closestool, next to the door of the bathroom
Walk down the hallway and turn left into the bedroom at the end.  Step into the doorway of the bathroom to the right of the bed and stop.
There are many recliners and sofas in the balcony.
The area is opposite to the locker room and the tea room,sharing a corridor to an exit gate and at a corner.
Exit the room, walk down the hallway to the left next to the striped chair, wait at the door by the fire extinguisher.
The toilet is near a bedroom and a corridor.
Walk around the table and toward the couch. Walk behind the couch and through the entryway. Walk toward the front door and into to the room to the right of it. Stop in front of the desk.
The kitchen is next to a small storeroom and facing a big dining room.
Turn 80 degrees left. Head towards bed. Enter door next to bed. Stop at banisters.
The book is in a large resting area.
Facing the door walk out of the door and into the bedroom taking a right past the dresser and take a right out into the hallway stopping in the hallway doorway.
Walk down the curved pathway and into the room and past the shelves. Go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk down the hallway towards the stairs and go up them.  Enter the first room on the top of the stairs.  While standing in front of the sink, turn right and stop after walking into the bedroom.
Exit the bathroom and walk down the hallway to the right. All the way to the mirror, then turn left into the kitchen. Stop at the doorway.
Turn left at green vase into main work room. Turn right and walk towards the entry. Stop at desk with white trash can.
The TV is on a black table and between a magazine and a white flowerpot.
next to the bed and another lamp with the same shape and color, face the door of the bathroom
Walk past the sink and into the dining room. Turn right and walk around the dining room table and chairs. Turn left and walk into the hallway. Turn left and stop in front of the bathroom.
next to the glass door, next to the dining room
There is a lamp on the table and two chairs in front of the table.
The stairs is located in front of the corridor.
The towel was hung on a metal handle with a switch next to it and a light on it
next to a table, facing a bed
Turn around and head towards the wall. Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn and enter the double doors to your right. Stop in the doorway facing the large table.
Exit the bathroom and turn right, then proceed down the hallway. Turn left and stop near the stairs. Wait near the door of the second bedroom.
at the corner of a room;
Exit the bathroom, go through the bedroom and wait outside on the balcony.
The closestool is settled in the corner of a bathroom on the second floor.
The fan is in front of a white pillar, next to the stairs covered by a red carpet.
Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Stop in front of the door to exit the bedroom.
Walk straight through two doorways.
Walk forward and out of the kitchen into the room with the pink dining chairs. Walk across the foyer and enter the office. Stop in the doorway to the office.
Walk straight behind the counter to the first doorway on your right. Take a right once through the door and walk to the doorway to your left. Stop in the doorway at the panting.
The window is located in the bright bedroom.
Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right and go into the second room on the right. Wait near the bed.
Right under the mirror. There is a sink on its right.
Exit the bathroom and go into the bedroom directly across. Go left and pass between the foot of the bed and dresser. Go into the little kitchen and stop in front of the dishwasher.
Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom and exit through the door on the right.  Once in the hallway, walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom in front of the windows.
Exit the room and walk towards the striped stool in hallway.  Enter the room to the left of the stool.  Walk to foot of bed.  Wait here.
next to a flower, on a tea table
Walk across the room, past the stairs and wait in the office, by the desk.
Go through the kitchen and turn left, stopping at the corner of the kitchen with the minibar and dining table ahead.
Turn to the left and walk down the kitchen past the center countertop. Walk down the hallway and stop in front of the open door.
Exit the bathroom through the brown wooden door and enter the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom keeping the bed to your right and heading towards the doorway. Exit the bedroom through the doorway and into the hall. Staying on the wooden floor, turn to your left and go through the archway. Take an immediate right turn and wait by the furnace grate that is on your right.
The table is in the living room.
Go down the stairs and go into the room on the left. Then wait in the room.
Exit the kitchen via the stairs leading upwards. Stop on the last step just prior to the first landing.
against the wall, between two bedrooms
stand at the bottom of the staircase. walk towards long table.   turn left into room with blue walls.  sit in the white chair to your left.
The light is placed near a green sofa and next to a book shelf.
Turn right. Circle around couch. Go forward. Stop at table.
Go straight through the entrance hall and turn left into the kitchen. Make another left and stop at the dining table.
Exit the bedroom. and make a left in front of the stairs. Walk past the built-in closets, and through the open door. Walk past the thermostat on the wall next to the drip painting. Wait at the fireplace.
Exit the room with the mural and two twin sized beds. Turn left at the doorway and walk along the narrow pathway on your left. Enter into the room directly in front of you at the end of the path. The room has one bed and a painted fan on the wall. Stop in the doorway.
Go down the stairs and turn left at the bottom. Continue straight ahead and stop at the couches.
The curtain is in the study.
Walk down the stairs. Turn left and go inside using the glass sliding doors. Go up the steps on the left. Go up two steps and then stop.
Go straight past the pool. Turn left and go into the house using the large glass sliding doors. Pass the table and wait near the door to exit the room.
Exit the bedroom and turn through a one hundred eighty degree arc to the left to enter the bathroom, stopping at the entrance to the shower.
The oven is to the right of the egg and drawer.
above the chair,next to the TV
walk away from the beds towards the exercise bike, turn right and walk past the hair chair, walk through the doorway on the right and stop.
Go straight through the door, turn right around the kitchen table, pass the wooden lattice and then turn left and stop in the kitchen.
Go into the kitchen area and turn hard left. Walk past the dining table and stop at the nearest end of the sofa.
There is a cabinet above the oven. There is a microwave next to the oven.
Pass the patio couches and then go into the double glass doors on the right. Go into the room on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Leave the closet and the room. Take a left, and right. Enter the foyer and take a right into the office. Stop in the doorway to the office.
Go straight past the three vases and then when you pass the desk stop near the round donut shaped lamps on the floor on the left side.
Turn right and go up the marble stairs. Then take the red carpeted stairs to the right. Wait on the landing.
Walk to the top of the stairs and stop. Walk down the stairs and up the set of stairs past the metal gate. Stop at the top of the stairs.
big enough for changing clothes;
Walk down the stairs and take a slight left. Walk across the room, passing the couch on your right and exit through the door. Walk next to the nearest corner of the bed to the door, and wait.
Turn around and walk into the great room. Pass the dining table and head outdoors, wait near the sliding glass doors.
walk across kitchen in front of counter, walk straight to stairs. turn left at stairs and left at open door. stop in the wine room.
Go the right and enter the bedroom. Go passed the bed to the door on the other side. Go outside and turn left to enter the office. Stop here.
near a bar counter, next to a chair
on the carpet, next to the sofa
Walk down the stairs and take a right. Go around the stairs and go down the second flight of stairs. Stop on the second stair from the right on the second flight.
Facing the kitchen, look about 30 degrees to your right and you'll see a while couch. Walk to the couch and stop just to the right of the right hand arm rest of the couch.
walk straight then enter the door beside the chair.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Turn left and walk to the right of the bathroom into the bedroom. Walk past the bed into the bathroom and stop.
Proceed up the stairs, turn right and enter the bedroom through the double doors. Wait by the entryway.
Walk around the left side of the table and walk to the doorway across from the brown chair and stop.
next to a mirror, next to a bed
on the washstand, under the mirror
Turn left and walk through the foyer. Then walk down the stairs to the main living room. Wait by the base of the stairs.
Walk across patio into the house. Walk forward toward wall with stone tile. Walk past stone tile wall on left side. Walk past stair case. Stop at entrance to kitchen area.
walk through the archway with the thermostat on the wall.  Walk toward the piano and stop just before it.
Continue out of the shower, go passed the sink and through the door. Enter the hallway and stop on the rightside of the bookshelf.
Exit the room and turn left in the main corridor, pass the fireplace, then wait near the coat room.
The painting is near a bathroom.
Walk through the room towards the wooden side table. Walk past the table and turn into the storage room with the glass cabinets.
turn around and go down the the hallway on the right. Go through the least open door on the left and stop on the rug.
The vase is placed next to the sink in the bathroom.
Go up the stairs into the bedroom. Stop on the top stair.
Walk straight ahead and past the stairs and enter the doorway.  Turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk to the other side of the bed and enter the doorway to your left. and stop facing in the bathroom.
Walk straight and turn left to exit the door. Walk and then make another left to enter a theater room. Stop at the entrance of the room.
The sofa is close to the white sofa and the tea table.
Walk down the hallway until you reach the first door on the right. Walk through that door and take a hard right turn into the bedroom.
The chair is set between two long beige sofas, between two windows.
Turn around and walk through the open door. Make a right turn when you see the arm chair. Walk down the hall. Make a left at the large open living room and stand between the lounge chair and the piano.
Walk down the hallway and wait on the steps.
The balcony is outside the livingroom and next to the kitchen.
Walk out of the room and into the hallway.  Continue a straight path into the bathroom.  Wait in the closet to your left.
Walk past the table and chairs and through the doorway onto the smaller buildings porch. Turn left and walk into the building past the stove and refrigerator. Stop just inside the doorway on the right.
Exit the bedroom and then turn left and go into the second door on the right. Wait by the bed.
Exit the living room and go up the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk down the steps and turn right. Walk forward past the guitar. Walk into the second door to the left. Stop just inside the door.
The flower is placed on the table next to the sink in the kitchen.
The kitchen is next to the dining room and next to the livingroom.
The desk is near a living room with many pictures and has two windows nearby.
Go through the doorway and then go across the hall and stop.
Go straight and and wait near the tv that is over the fireplace.
Go through the left entryway and to the leftmost door. Go straight and stop between the two beds.
Walk towards the bathtub and turn left.  Walk straight until you get to the bedroom and then stop once you have entered the room.
Walk between the tables.  And go towards the doorway.  Then turn to the left once you're through the doors.  Walk a couple of steps and then stop. Wait right there.
Go down the hall that leads to a counter with a sink, then turn past the ovens and wait at the the entrence to the great room.
The lamp hung on the wall and beside the door.
The chair is set under a yellow table surrounded by three chairs around it and a white bucket next to it.
The small office is opposite to a big office full of paper and face the locker room at a slant.
on the wall,above the shell and on the right side of the clock
Go forward through the closet. Stop when you pass the last shelf in the closet, the large black painting skull should be on your right.
Walk across the living room past the TV.  Wait by the mirror and windows.
Exit the room and turn right then pass the sink and chair and turn right. Wait in that room.
there is a corridors outside the room
Walk left passing the fireplace and head out, Turn left, passing another fireplace and make a sharp left at the bathroom and stop there.
Turn right and enter the hallway beside the mirror and the table. Enter the doorway on the right with the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Wait near the black chair that is by the bookcase.
Pass by the piano and turn left. Go up the stairs and continue to the right and stop.
Heading toward the exit walk passed the long white banquet table and the plant in the corner. Pass through the first set of double doors. Stop before the second set of double doors with the fire extinguisher to the upper right.
Walk to the bottom of the stairs turn right. Turn left and walk up the steps. Stop just inside the doorway.
The stools are next to the French door which lead to the balcony.
The bathroom is between a gym and a bedroom on the second floor.
Walk out of the bathroom and veer left. Go down the hall, and enter the room straight ahead. Stop in the doorway to the kitchen.
Turn around and walk out of the restroom, then take the door on your right and go up the stairs. Turn right once you get up them, and stop after the counter.
Walk through the open doors into the hallway with glass partition walls. Turn right down the hall and towards the exit sign. Turn right at the exit sign and continue down the hall to the first room with small desks and office chairs inside.
Exit the home theatre, and walk past the bathroom.Wait at the fireplace in the tv room.
The cabinet is in the corner of the bar.
Walk straight until you see three lounge chairs. Turn right and continue down the hallway. Go through the glass double doors and wait there.
Exit the bathroom and wait in the bedroom straight across the landing.
Turn around one hundred and eighty degrees.  Walk down the hallway until you see the stairs.  Stop at the top of the staircase.
The sink is near a bedroom and a living room.
Exit the shower and walk through the door to the right of the sink. Turn left and then left again at the pool table. Wait in the doorway to the bedroom.
With the red chairs on your left walk forward into the living room walking by the brown leather couch on your right and go straight into the art studio on the far side of the living room stopping once you are past the dog statue and before you are at the sliding door.
The stove is placed under the column facing the balcony.
Walk through the kitchen and towards the dining room table. Walk through the doorway and walk left. Wait in the bedroom doorway.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Go down the hall passing the stairs and enter the office through the first door on your right. Stop in the doorway to the office.
Leave the room, turn right, and go through the door on the right. Wait in the doorway to the bathroom next to the bed.
Walk passed the dining table and through the open sliding doors. Walk t Through the arched door on the right. Then walk down the hall to the bedroom doorway.
Walk down the hallway towards the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Go to the refrigerator. Go to the sink. Go to the dishwasher. Go to the dining room door.
You have to walk down the hallway and keep walking straight past the stairs, when you get to the doorway at the end of the hall stop and wait.
The bookshelf is in a big office.
Walk to the other side of the room and stop at the end of the couch facing the Walk the Line poster.
Go up the stairs, make a left into the archway, step into the second archway and then stop.
Exit the bedroom and turn left, then turn right just past the kitchen counter. Stop in the dining room and wait near the painting.
Turn right and walk along the right wall towards the two front facing doors. Walk towards the left corner and stay there.
table there is a vase on it, and there are 7 chairs around it
Go straight, directly in between the table which is on your right and the book shelf which is on your left. Make a slight left, and then a hard right. Wait near the area where there is stone walls on both sides of you.
The chair is on the right side of the black wooden screen and in front of the window.
Walk down the steps and make a sharp turn left. Walk down the steps and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk to the left of the table and continue by the staircase and continue straight, stopping right before the end table near the couch.
The towel is near a white sink and near some mirrors.
Exit the bedroom and go straight across the hall. Keep walking across the next room and turn left. Go through the double doors and wait there.
Turn around and walk across the room. Once you reach the railing, turn right. Walk to the end of the hallway and turn left. Stop once you enter the room before you reach the pool table.
Turn right and walk through the open doorway. Wait next to the sinks.
Turn to your left and walk into the kitchen. Just before you get to the refrigerator make a right out of the kitchen and go left towards the door.  Wait at the door next to the hat rack on your left.
Go out from bedroom and take right. you can see upstairs near bench.
Go past the chairs and turn right. Walk down the stairs and turn to the right. Stop in front of the glass door.
Go forward and turn right to enter the house. Go through the rug and pass the bench. Take the right branch of the round marble table and go forward. After passing coat room, stop around the stairs. Wait there.
Turn and walk out of the shower area. Walk out of the bathroom and into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom door into the hallway, passing the bed on the way.
go out of the office and into the bedrom.
The drawer is settled under a white and brown lamp and opposite to a gray and brown bed.
Mirror is in the living room.
Turn to the left. Walk toward the kitchen. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. Turn right. Go up the stairs. At the landing, turn left. Walk forward. Stop in the hall when the doorway to the bathroom is on the left.
Walk straight and then take a right at the small white bookshelf. Wait there.
Walk down the steps past the couch into the hallway. Turn right into the hallway, then turn right at the first door. Stop when you step inside the bedroom.
Walk straight along a corridor containing two glass walls with frosted glass in the middle. Take the first door on the left and wait inside the door.
Walk toward the orange vase. Turn left and enter the first door on the right. Continue to the bathroom.
Exit the half bath, then turn left down the hallway. Continue forward until you can turn right through the double doors to your right.
Walk straight forward through the room, stop near the bedroom doorways.
Walk through the bedroom past the desk and bed. Walk out of the door ahead into the hallway. Stop at the first closed door in the hall that is opposite a cabinet area.
The fan is located on a corridor via a small room.
Walk down hallway to the kitchen turn right into hallway at the couch. Stop at study.
It was installed in the toilet in the workshop.
Walk toward the sitting area that overlooks the harbor and go left through the doors to enter the building.  Stop next to the birdcage.
Leave the laundry room. Go through the doorway to the left and wait by the end of the bed and backgammon board on a table.
The bookshelf is in a living room.
There is a laundry across the corridor.
The chair is close to the desk and the glass door.
Walk out of the door. Make a right and walk to the door that is left of the wide wall art. Make a left into the room with the wicker chair.
When you are at the top of the stairs go straight back to the table with the computer and black office chair. Once you are at the table walk around the back of the chair, then walk straight back until you get to the wooden table that is in front of a projection screen. Now walk to the wooden chair in front of the screen and wait.
Exit the kitchen and go up the stairs on the right. Wait at the top of the stairs.
The living room has a salver in the center and a big sofa.
Walk out of the nook and right past the desk. walk past the glass conference room walls. Walk past the white bookshelf and stop by the black chair.
Turn around and go into the ballroom/meeting room area.  Turn left and walk to the ballroom.  You should stop right at the entrance where the tables and chairs are.
Take a left in the kitchen, and pass the refirgerator on your left. Walk towards the stairs, and stop right at the top.
There is a microwave and toaster below the cabinet.
Go to the end of the first rug Get on the second rug Go to the end of the second rug Go to the door Go to the end of the mat.
Exit bathroom, walk down hallway, turn left as soon as you can stop at door.
Walk from piano right to hallway. Walk out open door on left. Stop on porch outside.
The piano is at the corner of a living room.
Go straight. pass the dog and the stairs. Go straight through the hallway until you see a fireplace on the right then stop.
The table is located in the middle of the dining room.
Turn to the left and walk to the white coffee table between the yellow couch, the red and blue carpet, and two white chairs. Walk past the two while chairs and the painting of sailboats towards the opening leading to the next room. Walk to the brown coffee table with two wicker chairs and turn to the left towards the next room with folding glass doors. Walk into the seating TV area and towards the portable room space heater.
The sprinkler is in a bathroom.
Walk towards the room with wooden floors.  Go to the staircase, and wait.
Go straight. After you pass the exit sign, turn left. Stop after you turn right.
next to the window with white curtain, face the bed
Turn around and go to the right, then into the hall. Then turn on the right and through the hall and stop inside the room.
Walk down the hallway and make a left and walk down that hallway. At the end of the hall make a right and wait at the front door.
next to a box, in front of a door
Turn around and walk through the doorway.  Turn to the left and walk down the hall.  Turn left again and walk into the bedroom.  You'll go past two beds Walk into the bathroom, towards the mirror and stop.
The table is below a sculpture and to the right of a switch.
Turn around, go past the bed and tv.  Go on outside of the room, down the hall.  Stop by the door way that is frosted.
Walk through the doorway across the dining room. Wait next to the door.
Continue up the stairs. At the top turn around and walk along the railing to the end of the railing. At the end, turn left and walk and stop in front of the refrigerator.
It has a woody table lamp holder and there are some small holes in the lampshade.
Exit the bathroom and go right past the thermostat.  Wait inside the pantry room.
Go through the narrow room, passed the bookshelves and first doorway on your left, when you arrive at the table turn left and wait near the fridge.
Pass the weird chair and then turn right. Go into the hallway and turn left. Walk straight until you get to the bedroom and wait near the bed.
Walk left down the corridor containing paintings on the right. Walk diagonally left past the flower arrangement in front of the mirror on the wall. enter the lounge area, past the beige chair under the landscape painting. Turn left and enter the kitchen area. Wait at the area with the marble counter top to the left.
Walk across the tv into the hall. Turn left in the hall. Walk past the bed and stop in the door way near the mirror.
The keyboard is in a median size meeting room with the identifier of 348.
Turn left. Walk around the marble table. Turn right. Walk up the stairs past the pool. Stop at the entrance to the showers.
Walk along path headed towards cacti. Pass the short round ones and continue past the tall cylindrical ones. Now head towards two potted plants next to a doorway. Wait in front of doormat, next to barred door.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk into the second door from the right. Stop in front of the bed.
Walk past the air hockey table on the left. Wait at the futon.
The dining table is set in a dining room.
face the French door, next to the rectangular, ratten and black table and seven chairs with the same color and shape.
Head past the bed toward the chair and ottoman.  Turn right and stop in the bathroom at the foot of the tub.
Turn left and go down the stairs. Once at the bottom, turn right and then turn left and enter the double wood doors. Stop right before you reach the closet doors.
The bottle is in a big and bright living room.
Exit the bedroom and go to your left. Go into the next bedroom on your left. Stand in the entrance to the bathroom.
The drawer is placed between the stove and the carpet in the kitchen.
walk through the doorway away from the couch, turn right at the next doorway and right again down the hallway. Enter the room with the blue ottoman and stop.
With the pool on your left walk forward. Enter the house and stop once you are inside the bedroom on the other side of this door.
Go out the bedroom door and stay left along the railing.  Go in front of the chairs and couches.  Turn right and stop at the entrance of a bedroom.
Walk across kitchen towards stove. Turn hard left at the edge of the counter. walk towards table and chairs and stop before them.
The stair handrail is in the bar.
Go through the room past the painting on the right, then turn right into the kitchen and go around the counters towards the dining table. Keep going ahead and stop at the base of the stairwell.
Exit the bathroom. Walk past the bed and stop in the doorway of the sauna.
The living room is in front of the dining room and next to the balcony.
Continue all the way up the stairs. Turn right and stop after a couple of feet in the middle of the room.
walk straight down hall turning slight right then turning slight left into bathroom. stop before entering toilet at sink.
Walk behind couch, turn right and go up steps, stop on third step.
Walk past the chairs and across the hall. Stop in front of the end table.
The trash can is close to the bathroom and bedroom.
Walk forward, stop near the second door way on the left.
Go into the large lobby.  Go across the lobby towards the bar stools at the counter Wait there.
The dressing table is above a ashcan and there is a pot of flower on it.
Face house, and enter door on the left.  Turn hard right once inside, and continue straight through next doorway.  Wait near stairs.
Walk forward away from the stairs. Take a right in the hall. Go forward into the entry and stop in front of the white door.
The study has a lamp in the center and shelves on the wall.
Go to the right of the wooden table. Turn left and go up the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair.
Walk towards the hallway to the left of the giant mirror. Walk to the end of the hall and wait in the doorway.
Turn around and go down the hall. Stop at the double doors.
The kitchen is facing a big dining room and there is a cloakroom upstairs.
in front of the yellow and tall table, next to the long sofa, there is a pillow on it
Walk toward the long table and turn left to go through the open double doors.  Go through that doorway and turn right to go down another hallway.  Walk forward until you reach the marble stairs and walk up those stairs.  Go to the staircase on the right and stop on the second stair.
go down the stairs and make a sharp left, head down the hall then make another left turn, then stop on the stairs.
Walk past desk. Walk to bottom of stairs. Make left opposite front door rug. Wait at piano.
Stand in the bathroom doorway near the piano.
There are several books and a desk lamp directly above it.
Turn left and turn right and go straight until you get to double doors. Go into the double doors and wait there.
Walk between the kitchen island and the brown table to exit the kitchen, turn left, hard right to enter the dining room, exit the dining room to the left of the mirror, wait in the doorway.
The sofa is near a bedroom with a red bed and on the opposite side of a white corridor.
Walk along the exterior wall toward the patio set, pass the double doors and three planters. Then wait by the front door.
There are two chairs with the same colour, shape on their right and a white desk near it.
Walk past brown leather recliner. Walk through open french doors. Make hard left opposite zebra painting. Wait at mirror.
Walk down to the bottom of the stairs. Walk forward into the hallway passing the painted pictures of crabs. Walk down the hall along the banister railing. Turn around the banister and continue towards the staircase.
on the table, next to the vase, next to the bottle
on a tea table, next to a book
Walk straight down the hall to the feather paintings.  Turn left and wait by the pool table.
Exit the bedroom through the door on the left. Turn right and go forward to the landing. Continue forward and enter the little corridor. Enter the bedroom on the right. Wait there.
The power switch is in the bedroom.
Walk straight across dinning room hall and stop before artwork on wall.
Move towards the kitchen.  Before you reach the kitchen turn right.  Follow this path straight until you reach a dining table.  Wait here.
walk towards bed, turn left and walk through doorway to left of leather chair, turn right and walk through first doorway, stop in front of sink.
The sofa is set near a brown table and a shelf ,against a wall .
Exit bathroom to bedroom, stop in archway.
Leave the bedroom through the double doors and turn left at the mirror. Go through the archway and make a hard right into the office doorway.
So stand next to the hammock and two green chairs.
Go down the walkway to the sitting room. Walk past the fireplace and wait in the archway to the dining room.
Walk out of the building and turn right. Stop just outside the doorway on the patio.
Leave the sitting room through the right door. Walk right and go in the direction of the stairs. Take a right into the office at the bottom of the stairs. Stop once you pass the the doors.
There is the bedroom outside the room
The bedroom leads outdoors via a door and connects with a washroom.
Exit the room. Turn right and go down the hallway. When you get to an arch on the left. Turn left and then turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Leave the room, and enter the living room. In the living room take a left. Go up the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair.
Walk through the archway between the plant and the music instruments.  Then walk through the double doors and make a left at the archway, and come to some stairs that are going down.  Proceed down the stairs and stop when you get to the bottom.
on a table, next to a bed
Go to the poster Go to the right two metres Go to the globe Go to the sink.
Exit the bathroom and go past the three lounge chairs and past basket . Go through the hallway and wait by the three paintings on the walls (two rectangle and one square in the middle.).
The lamp is in a rest room.
Exit bedroom turn right before steps and stop right behind the couch.
Enter the room with the blue curtains, blue carpet and blue upholstered furniture. Then exit via the double doors to the left. Continue through the passage way until you see a large open staircase towards your left, then head right towards the middle set of doors leading outside. Go through those doors and stop.
Turn around and walk passed the wall lamps. Walk down the hall and turn the corner towards the front door. Pass by the large painting of a face and stop near the front door of the home.
the bathroom is in a small bedroom which is near a corridor.
Walk past the stove into the kitchen and turn left into the hallway. Turn right and walk down the hallway. Stop by the painting on the left.
Go up the steps then turn right. Go straight down the hallway until you get to the third room on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Turn left to enter the kitchen. Wait by the light switch.
Take a left, walk straight, and take a right. Take a left and wait in the hallway.
Walk out the door to your right. Once out turn right and go up the white stairs. Once at the top of the white stairs turn right and go up the red stairs. Stop at the top of the first set of red stairs.
Go out the door to your left. Once out the door turn left and keep walking down the hallway. Turn left and do down the stairs. Stop at the bottom between the 2 sets of stairs looking up the ones in front of you.
Walk past the table and chairs. Walk past the fireplace. Walk past the dog and stop.
Enter the room on your right. Walk forward towards the white sofa and checkered maroon pillows, and stop there.
Walk straight past the fireplace and past the long white table on the left.  Keep walking straight down the middle of this long room and stop after stepping off the wooden floor and onto the tile, almost under the last chandelier.
Head between the white drinking fountain and the floor decoration. Make a left and go down the hallway. Enter the first bedroom on the right. Walk past the bed and into the bathroom. Stop by the towel rack.
The bed rested against a white wall. There were three pillows on the bed, one pure white, one with silver-gray stripes, and one with black spots.
Walk around the foot of the bed passed the television. Walk through the open door to the hallway on the other side of the room. Walk into the adjacent bedroom that has stuffed animals on the bed and hanging decorations on the wall above.
in the center of this room.
Walk towards the zebra painting on the wall.  When you reach the painting turn left, and enter the narrow hallway with solid white door.  Walk forward.  Wait by mirror.
Exit the den, turn right and walk past the dining table. Wait in the sitting area by the chairs.
Turn right, walk to the stairs, walk up the stairs, walk to the desk chair and stop beside the chair.
Walk into the bedroom with the two orange chairs. Walk through the door that leads outside, and stop direclty as you pass through the door.
The picture is hung on the wall facing the column in the living room.
The washbasin is near a study.
The typewriter is in a study.
Exit the bathroom door. Turn hard right and continue straight.  Wait by the second door on the right.
Walk through the doorway. Turn left and walk straight. Walk past the pictures on the left wall to the end of the hallway. Walk into the doorway of the bedroom on the right side at the end of the hallway. Wait by the desk.
With the sink on your right walk down the hall and into the living room walking and taking a left through the doors at the end of the room into the hall and take a right in the hall going down the hall and into the dining room taking a left and stopping on the rug in front of the giraffe printed chaise lounge.
Enter the hallway with the closed door. Turn right and go forward past the table and through the archway. Stop in the hall.
Walk down the hallway on the right of the piano. Go straight, and enter the TV room. Stop behind the couch with the pillars behind you.
Walk inside through the doorway nearest to the outside TV. Then turn left into the bedroom next to the foosball table. Stop a couple of feet inside.
Turn left and exit the room. Turn right and exit the farthest leftmost door. Wait in front of the sinks.
The racket is placed next to a gate and next to a conference room.
The painting is in a stair.
walk towards the red rope.
Make a right turn into the room with the bed. Make a left turn past the brown shelf. Make a left turn into the hall and walk to the area between the stairs and the table.
next to the window, next to the TV
Go towards the fireplace and then take left and go straight until you see an archway on the right and go through that, go straight through the room, when you pass some stairs on your right there's an office room to the left, take a step into that room and stop.
Go through the living room and head towards the front door. Go past it and wait at the head of the staircase on the right.
Go to the left of the bed and out of the bedroom. Then go down the hall and make a right at the top of the stairs, go past the stairs and go a couple steps into the bedroom and wait there.
Leave the dining room and go into the kitchen. In the kitchen take your first left into a hallway. In the hallway walk straight into the bathroom. Stop behind the chair in the bathroom.
Move forward towards the wall then turn left to head towards the living room. Keep going forward until you reach the couch, then turn right and wait on the steps.
Walk through the doorway, walk directly in the doorway on the right side of the one you walked through, stop in front of table.
behind a black chair and in front of a wall painting
Walk forward and then take a sharp right at the water fountain. Walk forward into the large room past the table. Follow on between the benches and our the door.
Turn towards the left and walk out of the gym room. Turn left again and walk down the hall. Enter the bedroom, then turn right. Enter the office and stop next to the desk.
Walk into the living room area past the couches and coffee table. Walk through the open wall out into the backyard area. Walk along the tile pathway around the pool and down the small set of steps beside the lawn area.
The table is near a balcony and two black sofas are in front of it.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and then right. Walk straight forward and enter the double wood doors at the end and stop in the doorway.
The glass is set near a yellow jar on a yellow table ,in front of a sofa.
Walk left pas the table and chairs and into the next room and stop.
exit bedroom and continue down hall, pass through door and turn right to enter bathroom.
Walk through living room. Walk upstairs. Wait at top landing.
Go left past the windows into couch area. Go through the room towards the stairs. Wait on bottom steps.
There is a small bedroom next to the pictures, and a small bathroom next to the paintings ,too.
Go through the triple set of doors in front of you and travel on through the room with the flowered floor into the next room with the large ottoman in the center.
Turn left and face the yellow counter. Travel between the counter and the black table to the window. Turn right and travel to the fridge.
a cubicle without a door;
Exit the closet then turn right. Exit the room then turn left. Go straight until you get to stairs on your right. Go up  three steps then stop.
Go toward the dining table and take a right through the kitchen. Go left through the doorway by the microwave. Turn left toward the laundry room and stand in the doorway.
Walk through the door and past the glass railing. Turn right and walk through the door. Turn right again and stop in front of the closet island.
Go straight. Turn right when you get to the room. Turn left after you pass the table with chairs. Turn left. Wait in front of the door straight ahead.
The model faces a big meeting room at a slant and behind the restaurant.
Enter through the door next to the AC unit. Go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the bedroom, enter the theater room, wait at the tv.
Go straight until you get to a door then before the door turn right. Head straight until you pass a chair and go into the room straight ahead. Wait at the entrance.
Enter the lobby. Walk past the short lighted stones and into the door to the right of the stones which is marked as a mens' room. Walk down the hallway past the lockers. Stop in front of the water cooler.
next to the corridor of this men's changing room.
Walk through the door out of the bedroom. Walk past the steps and turn left. Walk into the bedroom and stop.
Travel forward down the hallway, past the potted plant, you will reach some railing, continue straight until you reach the doorway on your left, enter the room on your left.
between two massage beds, near a swimming pool
Walk down the hall and to the left. Walk through the doors and down the hall. Stop in front of the double doors.
Exit the room and enter the hallway. In the hallway, turn left and continue towards the left at the watermelon painting. Then stop in front of the black and yellow painting.
Go straight past the sink and the shower and exit the bathroom. Turn right and wait near the bed.
Walk past the fireplace and wait in front of the windows next to the ottoman.
It was placed in a pot and placed on a round table.
walk through the doorway to exit the laundry room, walk straight and turn left at the bear rug to walk through doorway into bedroom, turn left and walk into bathroom and stop.
Go to the hallway left of the stairs and turn left in the room. Stop in the doorway.
There  are some light bulbs upon the chairs and a red carpet under them.
Enter through the sliding glass door, turn right, walk past the bed and then turn right into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
The mirror is near the bathroom and living room.
The curtain is in a bedroom.
Exit the bathroom. Exit the room using the door on the right. Go straight past the pool table. Turn left and go down the stairs. Wait there.
The flower is placed in the vase on the table in the living room.
Exit the theater through the double doors and veer left, taking the second arched opening counting clockwise from the theater exit. Once through the opening, turn ninety degrees to the left and continue walking. Once you see the kitchen to your left, step into the kitchen and then stop.
Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk up the steps and go left. Make a sharp turn left and stop in front of the doors.
Turn around and exit the bedroom into the hallway. Turn left and go down the hallway. Enter the second doorway on your right. Walk up to the foot of the bed and wait.
Its backrest faces two doors and the chair is on the carpet.
Walk to door , open the door and exit the room. Turn left and walk to the end of the patio. Turn left take a step and stop.
on two books and a shelf,on the right of a model plane
Keep walking forward, and turn left when the flower picture frame is visible on the wall to your right. Walk towards the bedroom, and enter inside, and stop there.
The cabinet is placed in a small cloakroom.
towards two similar decorative pictures.beside a sink;
Turn around until facing the gray rug on the floor. Walk forwards over the rug in front of the couch. Go through the open door to the outside. Turn right and walk in front of the long gray couches on the porch. Take a right when you get to the edge of the second gray couch and enter into the  large living room area and stop behind the two white chairs, in front of the statue that looks like a man.
The electronic keyboard is next to a black bookcase and opposite to a telephone and a lamp.
Go up the stairs and take a left. Go down the hall and take another left. Leave the house through the first door and stop just after you are off the welcome mat.
Take a right and wait by the couch.
Turn around and walk past the piano and enter the kitchen on your right.  Wait near the counter top.
The monitor is in the corner of a kitchen with wood floor.
sofa next to the balcony
The sofa is near the corridor and surrounded by windows which have curtains before and chairs with beige mat.
With the widescreen display on your left, move forward towards the full height windows and turn right. Continue forward and then exit the room via the opening on the opposite wall into the bedroom.
next to the washroom, under the picture
You can see the stairs next to it.  It has a garden on one side and a swimming pool on the other.
There are various snacks on the desk and below the poster.
on the carpet, next to the stairs
the living room is near a dining room ,a kitchen and a corridor.
Leave the bathroom and bedroom and go into the family room. Walk down the hall passing the stair son your right and enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop inside the doorway of the bedroom.
Walk forward in the kitchen past the sink on your right Keep walking straight past the stove and out of the kitchen. Once out of the kitchen in the hallway stop just beyond the doorway.
Turn right and exit the bedroom. Take another right and wait at the sitting area with the couches and fireplace.
Walk across empty room and turn left down hall. Turn right and stop next to construction material.
Continue down the stairs, then take a dogleg to the left to continue down the corridor. Keep going forward past the stairs leading downwards on your right. When you can go to the left towards the bathroom, step through the opening and then stop.
next to the glass door, on the right of the table, there are two pillows on it
Turn around and after the second chair take a right and wait at the top of the stairs.
Head straight and to the left of the tables.  Go the left of the staircase and stop in front of the hall.
Walk past the chair and fireplace.  Turn left and go up the stairs.  Don't go all the way up the stairs.  Stop at the 3rd stair from the top of the flight.  Stay there and wait.
Go up the stairs and take a left. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom on the right of the bed.
Walk forward past the bed  and take a right into the hallway outside of the room and walk down the corridor an stop in front of the closet across from the painting.
on the left and close to the door of this washing room;
The office connects to the corridor leading to the exit and at the corner of a junction of three roads.
Walk out of the bathroom and through the entryway. Turn left at the end table and stop in the doorway.
Walk through the kitchen and turn left at the refrigerator.  Stop in front of the first doorway to your right and look into the pantry.
The washroom has two washbasins and a trashcan.
Walk through the dining room, and take a left past the table. Walk into the hall and stop beyond the entry next to the door.
walk forward past the living, dining room, and office. Go straight into the bedroom at the end of the hallway, and take a left into the mini kitchen area. Stop in front of the minifridge.
There is a table and two vases below
Step out of the office and make a right in the hall. Walk down the hall to the 4th door on you left and turn there.  Wait in that doorway and that will be room 314.
Turn right at the top of the stairs. Continue forward toward potted plant. Enter through doorway. Enter through another doorway directly ahead leading to the bathroom. Wait there.
Walk past the striped area rug. Make a right onto the marble floor. Walk past the bathroom on the left. Make a left opposite the zebra painting. Walk through the open door, and wait at the mirror.
Leave the room and turn left in the hallway.  Go down all the stairs and stop at the bottom.
The clock is set in a living room.
Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Stop in front of the bench across from the bed.
Turn around and enter the hallway. Once in the hallway, turn left and go down the stairs. Keep turning and go all the way to the bottom and stop in front of the small table at the bottom.
turn left. walk down the stairs. walk straight and go and through the double doors. turn right and go past the chairs and table. go to walkway.
Enter the house and walk towards the kitchen. Take the left at the first kitchen counter. Take the first right and enter the bathroom. Take a left and stop in the doorway on the right in the closet.
This area is located on the corner of the hall and has some doors.
The living room is next to the balcony and in front of the dining room.
TURN RIGHT TO FACE THE OUTDOOR SEATING AND WALK TOWARDS THE HOUSE, TURN SLIGHTLY RIGHT AND WALK INTO THE HOUSE, WALK TO THE T.V. WHILE FACING THE HALLWAY, WALK INTO THE HALLWAY TOWARDS THE OPEN BATHROOM DOOR.
Go towards the stairs  Pass the stairs and go towards the back glass door.  Stop at the seaing that is before the doors.
Turn left to enter the hallway. Then take your next immediate left and continue to the desks. Turn right by the white bookshelves and stop.
The bed is near a corridor and a living room.
The bed faces the window.
The area is next to the  corridor and on the second floor
Exit the room.  Walk into the hallway and enter the first doorway on your left.  Walk into that room and stop when you get to the bed.
The washing machine is near a toilet and a bedroom.
Face the pool and walk around it clockwise, passing two palm trees and a column.  Stop when you have reached the opposite side from where you started and are in front of an empty urn that is in between the two windows on the right side of the door.
FACING A ROOM WITH A TABLE TO THE RIGHT AND A CABINET TO THE LEFT WALK TOWARDS A GLASS WALL BEHIND A LATTICE ROOM DIVIDER, FACING THE GLASS DOOR WALL AND A TABLE IN FRONT OF YOU TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT AND WALK INTO THE KITCHEN.
The sofa is in front of a window, behind a blue patterned carpet and on the left side of a beige chair.
Turn left and walk across the hall. Walk across the bedroom area and enter the doorway to your left. Wait there.
Turn slightly right to face the windows and walk forward a few feet towards them. Turn left towards the bedroom area. Keeping the windows to your right walk forward through the bedroom toward the large frosted glass doors. Walk through those doors and continue past the elevator towards the entrance way. Right past the elevator area and before you pass the large entry doors turn left. Move forwards away from the large entry doors and towards the small back exit door that leads outside. There is a red metal sculpture right outside that you should be walking towards . Proceed outside a short distance past the red sculpture and almost until the slate walkway narrows There are two large boulders to the right, off the path. Walk on the dirt and onto the boulder that is closest to the structure you just left. Stop.
next to the sofa and the green chair
Turn left and enter the bedroom. Then turn right and walk by the fireplace. Stand near the door.
Go past the room dividers towards and through the glass doors.  Wait just inside the next set of doors under the exit sign.
Go straight down hallway, turn left towards the kitchen area, walk straight passed the kitchen towards the doorway, take the first left into the outdoor/indoor kitchen area. stop beside the sink.
TURN SLIGHTLY RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE A DOOR OVER LOOKING THE BACKYARD, WALK TOWARDS THE DOOR AND TURN SLIGHTLY LEFT AND WALK PAST THE ROUND TABLE TOWARD A HALLWAY ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE STAIRCASE, TURN SLIGHTLY LEFT AND WALK TO THE DINNING ROOM.
Walk to the end of the pool table and head right. Go down the hall, turn right and enter the bedroom. Turn right and walk past the bed on your left.
Walk over the carpet and turn right at the fireplace and walk towards the door going outside.  Stop just before going through the doorway.
under the range hood, on the cabinet
Walk past the couches and into the hallway. walk toward the front door and turn right. Walk up the steps and stop on the landing.
Turn to the left and go down the hallway towards the bedroom. Go through the archway.  Stop in front of the bedroom door.
At the top of these stairs walk straight past the large dining table and into the seating area located at the end of the room.
Walk straight with the blue chairs on your left. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn around and exit the wood door  behind you and enter the kitchen. Once inside turn slightly right and walk through the kitchen and head down the hallway. Turn into the 2nd room on the right and stop in front of the washer and dryer.
go through door by chair, turn left, stop by chair.
These pillows are in a bedroom.
The dining is next to a kitchen and a corridor.
The photo is settled in a brown bookcase and near a black fitness equipment.
The chair is put in a spacious and bright bedroom
Leave the bathroom and bedroom and go into the hallway. In the hall take a right, then the next right into the bedroom. Stop once you are past the door.
Go straight toward the stairs then turn right. After you pass the stairs turn sharp left. Turn right and go into the double doors. Wait at the entrance.
Leave the closet, and the bedroom. Take the first left in the hallway. Enter the bedroom through the last door on the right. Stop at the foot of the bed.
Exit the bathroom. Go through the double-doors next to the plants and stop.
The drawer is in a corridor.
The table is in the middle of the oven and sink.
Go past the end of the bed to the door on the left. Enter the hallway, go down the halloway to the far exit.  Stop in the doorway to the living room.
This is a sliding window divided into 12 pieces of glass.
The cap is placed near a wall and the gate.
Turn around and wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk past the room on your right and in to the room with a pool. Walk past the pool and beds. Turn right after the last bed. Stop in the doorway to the next room.
Walk through the double doors on your left. Turn a slight left and head down the hallway. Turn right at the paneled double doors and walk forward. Turn left and wait directly in front of the white doorway in front of you.
The mirror is placed above the drawer and sink in the toilet.
Go to the stairs Go to the glass doors Go to the light switch Go to the settee.
The sink is to the left of the towel and brush.
Walk to the top of the two flights of stairs, stop at the very top of the stairs.
The chair is on the right side of a small white table and near the desk under the ceiling lamp.
The vase is above the table and carpet.
Leave the bedroom and take a left. Go down the hallway that runs along the stairs. At the end of the stairs take a right into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
The lamp is placed in the corner of a bedroom.
walk left through the doorway. step into the laundry room.
on the woody table, next to the laptop and white table
turn around and walk through the doorway then turn left. Take a right in the hall and enter the door on your right then take a left into the bedroom and stop.
Walk toward the white chair then turn right. Go outside using the glass sliding door. Wait near the BBQ.
Walk to stairs behind the blue couch.  Wait here.
The area leads to outdoors via glass doors and connects with two small rooms.
The stool is set near a bigger conference room and next to the hall.
Vase In the corridor opposite the stairs
Turn around and talk out of the closet toward the mirror.Take a right the slight left toward the cupboard.take a right into the laundry room and stop at the door.
Leave the sitting room and go out of the office, and through the bedroom. Take a left outside of the bedroom into the bathroom and stop near the toilet.
Turn to the right and exit. In the hall turn left and go to the end and turn left. Turn right into the kitchen and then take another right and stop in front of the sink.
Stand so the toilet is to your left.  Walk straight, passing the bathroom area, a room in the closet, and enter the final doorway into the closet with the mirror at the far end.  Stop in the doorway of this last room, near the pegs on the right side.
Head up the stairs and go left into the kitchen. Make another left and stop in the doorway to the dining room.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Then go into the door on the right and turn right. Wait near the basket.
The toilet is set on the opposite side of a black and golden sink and near a silvery and yellow vase.
The living is next to a washroom and connect with a dining room on the first floor.
Flowers are in the living room.
Behind the chair is the window. There is another chair in front of the chair
Go up the stairs and veer right. Enter the living room and take a right before the piano. Take another right and enter the library area. Stop just inside the entry to the library.
against a wall with a telephone.
Turn around and go down the hall, passing the archway on the left. Turn into the door on the left and stop.
Go straight of the steps and through the door on your left. Turn left down the hallway and stop once you reach the foot of the bed in the bedroom.
Leave the kitchen. Take a left onto the porch. Stop in the doorway to the porch.
The stool is placed under a yellow table ,in front  of a screen and next to the glass of a big conference room.
Exit the room through the doorway on the left, go straight into the bedroom, go around the bed, and step into the doorway to the left of the oval mirror and stop.
Exit room and go through doorway straight ahead. Stop in front of bed.
From the entrance go left down the hallway, straight until stopping at the base of the stairwell.
Go down the hallway and past a large gold-framed mirror and through the entryway into a large room with a kitchen and seats and outside through the large back exit.
opposite the flank of a table; against a wall with blue hamps.
There is a mirror on the cabinet and a upholstered chair beside it.
Enter the bedroom ahead, and go left. Go into the bathroom on the left. Stop next to the bathtub.
Exit the bedroom and walk past the pool table .  Stand near the arcade game.
The chair is facing the window. There is another chair in front of the chair
This area is close to a glasses door of the hall.
Walk down the stairs. Turn left and continue down the second flight. Wait on the fourth step from the bottom.
The area is next to a dining room and leads to outdoors via a door.
Walk past pool table on the right side, enter hallway and turn right, walk down hall and make a right at bathroom, enter and wait at counter.
The box is on a desk in front of a window, to the left of a computer.
on the wall, next to chairs
Go inside and take a left. Walk into the living room and take a left into the powder room. Stop on the rug right next to the door.
The table is near the same wooden table, near a cabinet with utensils which has two wooden chairs with brown leather cushion nearby and near three windows.
Walk to the stairs, and take a left. Enter the house through the door on the left. Walk to the couch. Stop on the far right of the couch.
Walk out of the bathroom, and bedroom into the hall. in the Hall take a left, and another left into the laundry room. Stop in front of the sink in the laundry room.
Walk through the office and turn left in the hallway.  Keep going until you reach the stairs.  Go up one step and stop on the landing.
Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk into the bedroom and stop just before the landing.
The cabinet is set near a brown and white table under a computer and near several pictures.
Head towards the staircase and turn right. Go past the stairs.  Stop at the archway by the vase.
The balcony is next to a living room and connects with a bedroom via a flagstone.
on the second row of the stairs, facing the screen, under the projector
Go through the near doorway, make a left and go straight, keep left and go passed the stairs and wait.
Walk forward passing all the three purple chairs. Stop behind the last purple chair.
at the entrance of the bath center.
Turn around and go down the hall. Stop in the open door at the end.
Go straight and pass the table and chairs on the right. Walk straight and wait at the top of the stairs on the left.
The mirror is set in the hall.
Go up the stairs and take a right. Take a right at the second arch past the sink. take a left and stop in the doorway.
Exit the closet. Turn right into the bedroom and exit to the door on the right. Go up the stairs. Wait on the rug by the bookcase.
Go towards the double closet doors and turn right continuing down the hallway to the end until you are in a bedroom with two beds.
Go down the stairs until you get to the middle and wait 3 steps before going all the way down.
Exit the room. Turn right. Turn right into the room next door. Walk all the way down the hallway. Turn left into the second door. Wait near the first sink.
Go down the hallway toward the blue bean bag and pool table. Turn left into the hallway and stop at the balcony railing.
hung on the wall, across the sofa
a room with single  small bed and wooden floors;
Go straight and pass the glass table with chairs on the left. Then as you are passing the bar with the chair/stools on the left turn right and go down three steps of the stairs then stop.
exit bathroom and turn slight left walking across bedroom to door, turn slight left and walk into hallway left of stairs. continue down hallway, turn slight left and walk forward, walk across bedroom to outside balcony. stop at couch.
Head down the long hallway and turn left at the exit sign.  Stop where numbered lockers are on the left, and the kitchenette is on your right.
Walk out the door, and down the hallway to your right. Walk into the first room on the left that leads to the kitchen. Once you walk into the room, stop in front the wetbar room on the right.
The tissue is put on the table in a bedroom.
The cabinet is in a kitchen.
From the bottom on the stairs, continue forward and towards the right, until you reach a hallway extending to the right. Continue down this hallway until you see a fireplace on the right and then stop in front of the fireplace.
Walk through the doorway to your left, and take a left through the doorway right after the first chair. Walk through the doorway that leads to the room with the red bed, and stop in front of the bed.
Exit the bedroom, walk through the kitchen, turn left, walk to the red chair, turn left, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink.
Towel in the toilet
Walk down the hallway in front of you with the 2 brown chairs. Continue down the hallway and up the steps. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Go toward the kitchen and turn right into the hallway, and then turn left toward the living room.  Stop in the doorway next to the stairs.
Leave the kitchen, and go left. Go up the stairs. Stop on the firs stair.
behind the table,in front of the cabinet
on the cabinet, below the cabinet
on the bed, across from the mirror
Exit room, make a left, Heading toward fireplace, then make a left, wait next to "Coat Room".
Go toward the dining table and two odd-shaped chairs next to the wall, and through the doorway just past the 2nd odd-shaped chair, and wait there.
Turn right and walk down the hall.  Stop in the bedroom and wait by the chair.
exit the bedroom and go through the kitchen and and then go out onto the porch.
Walk toward the kitchen then stop right by the bar with the black stools.
Exit the sauna. Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn left and wait near the chair and sink.
The stool is in the number 02 small meeting room.
Walk around the partition and out the door. Walk through the first doorway on the right and continue into the room. Wait near the end of the partition.
Go straight down the hallway. Turn left on the first door. Wait at the entrance.
Walk down the walkway and enter the second door on the right. Wait inside the bedroom by the chair.
Go down the hall and into a dining area.  Go past the table and towards the back door, wait there facing outside.
walk straight away from the bed, past a room on the right, towards the workout equipment, turn right at the exercise bike and walk through the doorway. Stop in the middle of the beds.
Exit the bathroom then turn right and go out the bedroom door on your right then stop in the hallway by the hanging painting with the girl on the swing.
Walk down the hallway along the banister next to the stairs. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and take a left. Stop at the foot of the beds .
There are two washbasins and a hair drayer in this area.
Turn right to steps. Enter right. Turn left. Go forward. Turn left and enter bedroom. Turn right and enter closet.
Go down the stairs and walk around the table and chairs at the bottom and stand in front of the doorway in the wall on your right.  Stop before going through the doorway.
Walk out of the sitting area and turn right. Wait just inside the front entrance.
Move forward until you have the door on your left.
The painting is placed in a toilet  in one of the bedrooms
The desk is located on one side of the corridor.
After you leave the sitting room turn right and walk straight to the last door on the left. Now walk through the door and wait just inside the bedroom.
The sink is set in the middle of the kitchen.
Leave the room, then leave the next room and wait in the entry past the large fireplace.
Walk between the grey couch on your left and the wall with the blue painting on it on your right.  Walk thought the doorway directly in from of you to exit the house.  Stop when you are outside, next to the marble-topped bar with the sink in it.
Turn right at the water fountain and enter the main room.  Walk past the marble table in the middle of the room and in between the parallel leather benches.  Walk through the door with the "exit" sign and keep going until you are outside.
Exit bedroom and turn right, walk passed stairs into bedroom and stop in bathroom.
Turn to your left side and walk towards the wall oven. Turn around so you're at the side of the island across from the oven.
walk left around table to and go straight passed the chairs to the wall of doors. Stand in front of the middle door and stop.
Turn around one hundred and eighty degrees.  Walk towards the two couches.  Walk between the two couches towards the white coffee table.  Turn towards your left.  Walk towards the wicker chair.  Turn towards your left.  Walk through the doorway.  Stop when the white chair is to your right.
Turn around and walk towards the room to the left. Walk towards the counter and wait.
The book is in the lobby.
Go towards the doors which face outdoors. Go to the doors on the left. Step onto the patio, and stop.
Walk past the bathroom, turn left just before the kitchen. Walk up the stairs midway and wait by the banister.
on the sofa, among three pillows and on the right of them
the dining room is near a living room and a balcony.
The stool is against the wall and near a desk.
Proceed down the stairs and turn left at the bottom.  Go straight toward the doorway to the kitchen, stopping near the wooden pillar before the doorway.
Flowers are in the bedroom.
Turn until you see the little lamp on the table. Walk forward through the open doorway and through to the open doorway farthest to your right. Continue walking forward to reach the end of the wall on your right with the rocks. Stop and wait.
Exit the bedroom and move to the right, past the stairs, and into the bedroom on the left. Stop just inside the room, in between the two dressers.
Walk straight, continue past the table and then make a right turn before making a slight left turn around the table before stopping near the large open glass sliding door.
Go straight down the walkway through the archway, take a right into the archway on the right and stop.
Go downstairs and wait near the bottom.
There is a microwave oven below the cabinet. There is a television next to the cabinet.
Go through the kitchen, turn left and exit the doors that lead to the patio outside, wait there.
Turn around and exit the room. Walk around the sofa and enter the hallway. Wait by the side table.
The refrigerator is in the kitchen.
The livingroom is next to the dining room, on the third floor and there is a balcony outside.
Exit the room, going into and through the room with three white lounging chairs. Stop next to the set of three white art peices on the wall, one square piece in the middle between two longer and taller peices.
Exit the room and turn to the right to go into the open pool area.  Walk past the pool toward the caution sign.  Turn right and stop inside the doorway.
These boxes is between a ladder and a clutter.
Go up the stairs and to the right. Go through the door and turn left and stop in front of the bed.
The microwave is in a kitchen.
Exit the room going up three stairs. Next head straight down the hallway. Go to the stairway that has glass walls in the middle of the large room. Go down three steps and wait.
These book are in a big cabinet and on the left of a big picture and near a big window.
go through wooden door next to windows, and straight ahead, turn left into bathroom at end of hall.
on the left wall of the room;
Walk past the desk and turn right. Walk past the table and chairs and stop in front of the plywood cabinet.
Go straight down the hallway and past the seating area.  Turn right at the double doors.  Continue until you're at this marble looking table and wait.
Walk past the bookshelves and wait halfway down the stairs.
Pass the table and turn right. Continue forward and stop near the swing.
The kitchen is next to the livingroom and on the first floor.
Exit the ladies room, and walk straight past the wicker basket on the floor. Walk past the metal wall art, and wait at the end of the bed of river rocks.
the washroom is next to a bedroom which is near a corridor
Exit the bathroom, turn right and go down the hallway passed the stairs on the right, and cross the room to the left into the archway and then stop.
The mirror is set in a bedroom with a blue carpet.
Enter the living room area at the top of the stairs and walk towards the sliding glass door.  Exit through the sliding glass door and wait just outside on the balcony.
Walk toward the bar stools in the kitchen area and go down the hallway to the right of these bar stools.  Turn into the doorway on the right and enter the laundry room.  Stop in front of the sink.
Turn to your left and exit the bathroom. Once out, go across the room and exit out the door to your left. Once out, stop in front of the doorway to your left.
Turn right and follow the path, passing between the two pillars. Stop in the open doorway.
Turn around and walk towards the steps behind you. Turn left and go past the stairs. In the next room turn right and walk towards the glass display case. Walk out the door to the right of the display case and stop when you get out.
Walk forward and go into the kitchen on your right. Stop behind the dining chair closest to the kitchen.
Walk toward the large glass vase and turn left. Walk forward and into the large room and stop by the ping pong table on the right.
Exit the bathroom and the bedroom. Wait outside the hallway directly next to another bathroom.
Exit office room, make sharp right, then sharp left into office room, and wait at entrance.
Walk past the stairs and download hall. Stop near the alcove that leads outdoors.
The dressing table is in the bedroom.
Go indoors. Walk straight into the hallway on the slight left. Go past the stairs on the right. Go into the room on the right and wait there.
next to the stairs, on the second floor of the bookshelf
The chair is at the corner of a living room.
The sofa is set in the spacious office.
There is a washing machine placed and a lot of impurities placed in the hovel.
The living room is next to a corridor on the first floor.
Make a left at the stairs. Walk down the stairs. Walk out the door ahead of you. Make a slight right turn at the floor vase. Stop at the banister.
Head upstairs and turn right at the end of the hall. Wait in the office at the end of the second hallway.
Go right towards the hallway to the left of the double glass doors. Take a few steps down the hallway. Go to the fireplace in the alcove to your right.
There are two massage beds and a class cabinet in this sauna.
Go through the storage room and through the path on the left of the stairs. Stop before passing through the doorway.
Standing outside the door and looking in, on its right is another same beach chair, there is a little round stool between two chair
There is a mirror and sink next to the towel.
Turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Wait at the entrance of the exercise room.
tap between living room staircase and bedroom
The ladder is on the edge fo the room
Walk past the lockers on the right. Walk past the water cooler on the left. Wait in the threshold to the bathroom on the right.
The chair is settled on the opposite side of a red leather sofa, on the righr side of the same chair and on the second step.
Walk out of the room and go down the stairs. Stop in the middle of the landing on the stairs next to the flowers.
Go through the door to your left, straight down the hallway, and turn into the doorway to your right that is just past the doorway with the plant.
Leave the bedroom and turn right in the hall. Turn left through the french doors after the railing. Walk to the foot of the bed and stop.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and walk straight until you get to pictures on the wall of children turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Go into the double-doored entrance to the home and toward the dining room table.stop facing the narrow hall, so that you can see a covered chair.
Exit the bedroom and walk straight toward the dining area. Turn left at the stairs and wait on the stairs.
There is a cabinet with the same colour ,state and material on its left and a brown desk opposite to it.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the hall and left past the zebra painting. Stop by the end table.
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to the washroom.
Turn right pass the table and desk and head towards the open doors. GO through the doors and head right towards the hall way. One you make it through the hall way make the first left and stop.
Exit the closet and turn into the bathroom. Go into the toilet room and stop.
Walk past the column and then in front of the table and chairs to the right. Continue through the left double door and wait in the middle of the long, red rug.
The switch is in a corridor.
From kitchen turn right into hall, at end of hall turn right and stop at the laundry room sink.
The glass is put in a study,
Leave the bedroom, and go straight down the hall. Go down the halls, and stop on the first stair from the top.
The sofa is inside the open-air balcony.
The bed is next to a brown chair and a black and cubiod luggage.
The lamp is against the white wall,next to a water bottle and on the left of the computer.
Walk around the bed clockwise and stop in front of the corner of the tub with the towels.
Exit the bathroom. Keep going straight through the first arched entry way. Turn left as you get to the mirror located on the right hand wall. Continue walking until you reach the double doors made of glass.
The study has a long table and the table has two penholders on it.
Go up the three stairs, and head toward the dining area on the left. Walk through the dining area and enter the kitchen. Stop before you reach the sink in the kitchen.
This  area has lots of red benches and is located on the central  hall.
Turn right.  Walk through the galley kitchen area.  Turn to the left, you'll be in a pantry.  Stop right there and wait.
Turn around and walk through the garage and stand just outside the door.
Walk forward into, and through the living room. Take a right at the end of the room and enter the dining room. Stop in the doorway to the dining room.
The painting is above a big beige sofa and near a white and brown lamp.
Exit the garage and go straight until you get to the living room. Wait near the three candles on the shelf.
Walk towards the stair case, and continue walking till you reach the doorway directly left the vase with the flowers on it. Stop right under the doorway.
With a door opening directly behind you and a door to your right and left, move forward into the room ahead of you. Continue to move forward past the open staircase to your left and pass through the double door opening directly ahead of you into the next room.
The bashroom is next to a bedroom and a study on the first floor.
Turn around and enter the hallway.  Walk past the stairs and stand near the bathroom door.
Walk down the stairs and head towards the opening door. Turn right to enter the hallway. Walk down the hallway and wait at the fireplace.
Walk straight down the hallway, turn left on room right after washer and dryer, stop in doorway.
The vase is in front of a stone dome and near some grass.
Turn to the left and walk past the white chair. Turn right and walk past the double doors into the doorway. Walk in the hallway past the wooden cabinets. Enter the bedroom to your left and stop.
The lights are located at a corner of the bathroom.
Walk straight into the bedroom.  Turn to the right at the bathroom door.  You'll stop when you get to the rug.  Wait there.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk up the stairs and walk down the hall. Stop just past the top of the stairs.
The flower is in a vase and on the table.
Turn right and go past the rocking chairs.  Turn right again and into the house.  Turn right and go down the hallway.  Turn to the left and wait just at the doorway.  There will be a bedroom in front of you.
Walk to the other side of the room and out the entryway past the couch. Turn left and enter the bathroom and stop.
Turn a quarter of the way right and walk past the mirror on the wall. Walk forward next to the grey chair. Walk toward the bookcase.
face the stairs, turn right and walk straight through the doorway into the bedroom, continue straight to exit the bedroom. Walk down the stairs and stop two steps from the bottom.
Leave the bathroom. Walk straight into the dining room and take a left. Stop next tot he radiator in the floor.
Walk into the dining room around the table. Walk through the open doorway near the refrigerator.
walk to the staircase, go down the staircase and stop in the middle of the staircase.
Walk down the hallway, pass through the kitchen and head outdoors through the doorway on the left. Wait near the doorway.
Go between the couch and the counter towards the window and stop just outside the glass doors.
This bedroom is located at the end of the right turn on the second floor, opposite a storage room.
Exit the bedroom and move down the hallway, past the fire extinguisher and Christmas tree. Continue forward and stop in the doorway that is marked Master Suite.
There are two desk lamps on it.
Turn left. go down the hallway and wait under the exit sign.
Walk straight and exit the door on the right. Walk to the left of the table and exit the room through the 2 sets of glass doors on the left. Once in the next room, stop inside the room at the rug facing the table.
Enter through the ornate black door. Continue forward passing the staircase on the right. Go through the french doorway and wait there.
There are some flowers in the vase. The vase is on the table.
Stand on the right side of the bed, walk past there two white chairs and turn right to exit the bedroom  Once in the hallway pivot left and take a few steps forward until you are standing that the top of the stairs.
With the bathtub to your left, exit the bathroom, and turn left into the next room on your left.
Walk past the kitchen and through the second door on the right. Wait inside the bathroom next to the sink.
Stand with the door behind you and go up the staircase on your left.  Stop where the other staircase meets up, just before the single staircase going up.
Turn right and enter the hallway. Walk to the end of the hallway and turn right before entering the doors. Stop in front of the first door to the left.
the washroom is next to a corridor which is near a bedroom and a rest room
The cabinet is near a rest room.
The computer is set near the stairs and the hall.
Walk past the stairs, keeping them on your right. Continue down the hall and turn left to go outside. Stop there between the two doors.
Turn left just before the roped off section with table and chairs. Walk into the doorway on the right. Wait next to the table and chairs.
With the toilet to your left, walk straight.  When you get to the door with the sign that says "Residence One", turn right and walk into the open area.  Walk past the sitting area and towards the dining table and chairs.  Stop behind the chair at this table that is closest to the kitchen.
Turn and walk down the hall through the open entryway that says "Ballroom, Meeting room." Walk down the hall into the room that says "Ballroom," and stop near the first round table.
The sofa is in the entertainment hall.
a room with another door leading to another place.
Head down the steps, past the white bathtub and turn right. Wait just inside the empty room.
Table in the balcony
The fire hydrant is at the junction of the three corridors.
Walk into the bedroom and take an immediate hard left. Walk through the loft hallway and go through the double doors. Wait near the bathroom.
Turn right and exit the room. Once out, turn left and walk down the hallway. Once you pass the 2 brown chairs on your left, turn left and enter the door and stop.
Turn left. Go up the steps and wait there.
Walk past the table and chairs on the right and past the stairs on the left. Turn left. Continue straight into the room. Wait near the desk.
Go straight to the hallway and then turn left.  Go past the bed.  Veer to the right and go through the white door.  Stop when you're in the doorway.
It lies on a black board, and under the projector.
turn slight right into hallway and follow it straight.turn right to open door and stop just outside on mat.
The bedroom is on the first floor and next to the kitchen.
Walk through the bedroom past the bed and hvac control module. Walk into the hall and continue through the study area. Turn the corner and walk into the next room that has a wrap around sofa and ceiling fan.
Walk down to the far end of the dining room and turn left into the double doors. Stop and wait near the barber's chair.
The drawer is placed below the picture next to the chair in the room.
Exit the bathroom, go passed the bed on the right, go through the archway that the lounge chairs are facing, not the doorway, and stop when inside the archway.
The television is set in a bedroom.
To the doorway on the far right and head down the hall,  take a right and go through the open door, on your immediate right is a closet, go through the doorway and stop.
Walk towards piano. Go through doorway to the right of piano. Wait by bench outside of doorway.
Walk forward and turn right. Walk through the closet into the bathroom. Walk past the double sinks on the left and pause by the shower.
Leave the bathroom doorway.  walk into the bedroom and then go past the dresser and out the door.  Stop in the hallway and wait there.
The table is on the opposite side of a narrow room with a wooden carbinet.
The drawer is set at the back of the bedroom,close to the wall.
Walk past the couches and coffee table. Wait by the glass doors on the left leading outside.
The sofa is set on the right side of a blue sofa, near a green bed and near a black television.
Here you can see the swimming pool, reception area and a wicket.
Keeping the stairway banister on your left, continue walking up the steps almost to the carpet. Turning again to your right, walk to the end of the carpet while keeping it on your left. Turn right towards the stairway. Walk up the stairway and stop and wait at the top of the stairway on the landing.
The desk is located in the small bedroom.
Leave the office and go into the main room. Take a right and head to the door. Stop once you are on the balcony.
Exit bedroom, turn left, walk up steps and stop at the landing.
Turn to the left and head toward the stairs, stop on the third one.
Go toward the colorful artwork on the wall and then along the stair rail. Go toward the couch facing the artwork on the farthest wall.  stand behind that couch, facing the large wall of windows.
Turn right and exit out the double wood doors. Once out turn right and walk to the end of the hallway and enter the double wood doors. Once inside, turn left and stop on the rug in front of the animal print chair.
Exit the room and head right down the hallway towards the front door. From the front door, turn left and stop at the top of the stairs.
The office is near two junctions of three roads and opposite to an empty office.
Exit the room and turn right. Move down the hallway and wait in front of second door on the right.
there is a study next to the dinning room
The umbrella is leaning against the glass wall,on the right side of a pillar,behind a chair.
Walk forward and leave the bathroom. Take a left in the main room, and enter the room on the immediate left. Stop in front of the wooden screen.
Walk past the bed through the lounge area and wait in the doorway.
The cabinet is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
The sofa is in the lounge.
Walk past stone fireplace with tv on top. Walk up stairs. Wait on the 3rd step from the top.
WALK FORWARD THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR, CONTINUE FORWARD AND ENTER THE OPEN DOOR ON THE RIGHT HAND SIDE, WALK INTO THE ROOM WITH A MEDICAL TABLE.
walk away from outside, straight in between couch and daybed, up the small staircase, continue straight, turn left at the stop of the staircase and enter small bathroom and stop.
walk out the door. Turn left immediately and walk into the next door. Stop before the double sinks.
Move past the table and enter the door with a garbage bin next to it. Stand near the entrance.
Walk towards metal chair and go right. Go towards red bed and turn right. Take next right and go left down hallway to mirror.
The lamp is set one a white long table, on the left side of a white and brown bed and near two skateboards.
Go left around the counter and up the stairs. Turn left and go into the bathroom.
Go to the door that leads outside beside the large grey couch.
Walk out of kitchen into living room, turn right and go out the front door. On the porch, turn left and walk down steps. Stop at bottom of steps.
It hangs on the first floor where near the stairs.
With the bathroom to your right, start walking down the hallway until you exit the door opening at the end, then enter the small hallway ahead of you and to the left of three wildlife paintings. Continue into the small bedroom that's ahead of you and to the left, passing by the bathroom on your left.
Take a right after the stairs, and turn left at your first door on the right. Stop in front of the shower doors.
Exit bedroom, and walk up stairs. Wait near the Jimmy Hendrix artwork at the top of the landing.
The drawer is placed below the shelf and some bottles of wine.
Follow right and go straight down the hall. Enter the second stairs on the right and stop.
Walk across the room toward the sectional sofa by the windows. Stop at the top of the steps.
Walk past the dining room table into the living room. Take a left out of the living room and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The bar has a wide bar counter and two elevators.
The table is near the bathroom.
Walk forward past the dining table and past the white sofas. Wait near the glass doorway.
Leave the bathroom. Stop outside the double doors to the living room.
The bathroom is next to a storeroom and a cloakroom and has a balcony.
The picture is in the second row and the first column of the six pictures, before a white wall and near a cabinet.
Go through the laundry room and exit the room, make a right and step into the dining room and stop.
walk away from dining room table through doorway, turn left, walk down hallway, turn left at the two kids pictures on the wall, turn right immediately and stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Go straight and pass the purple and red couch then go up the stairs on the left and go into the room with the two red lounge chairs and wait there.
The chair is set at a corner of the living room, on the second floor.
Walk forward down the hall toward the plant. Enter the room at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the sailboat picture.
Exit the bathroom into the hall with the wooden floor. Head toward the kitchen. Stop between the kitchen island, glass dining table, and door going outside.
Travel in the direction of the red furniture, away from the bedroom. Continuing forward, walk between the blue sofa and round glass top table. Continue forward until you reach the glass table surrounded by black chairs, with the vase on it. Discontinue your forward momentum and halt when you are even with the glass vase. Wait here for further instructions.
Turn around and exit the bathroom.  Then turn left and enter the dining room.  Walk past the table and stand near the divider.
The area connects with a gymnasium and has stairs in the corner.
The bedroom is on the second floor, in the end of the corridor and on the left of the corridor when up to second floor.
With the door on your left walk out into the hallway and take a right walking town the hall and into the room at the end of the hall stopping just past the door in the room.
The sink is near a corridor and a kitchen on the first floor.
Walk into the hallway towards the stairs. Walk up the stairs and stop on the third to last step before you reach the top.
Exit the bedroom, go straight down the hallway, make a right into the doorway of the bathroom and stop.
Go out from here. Then take right side near upstairs.
Go behind you and walk passed the stairs and go passed the american flag and stop near it.
The club chair is under a painting, next to a black flower bed.
The lamp is set under a green painting, near a brassy switch and opposite to a cabinet.
The window is located on the wall of the bathroom.
Turn toward the exit past the ropes.  Walk out of the exit doors down the red carpet.  Stop facing the stairs.
There is a brown cabinet near this cabinet and a red desk opposite to it.
Pass by the television and exit through the doorway, continue straight down the hallway past the light switch on the wall until you reach a path on the right, turn right and move forward until you see a kitchen table on your left, stand near the kitchen table.
Exit bathroom, turn left, walk to side of the stair case turn right, walk passed the table on the left and walk to end of the bar and stop.
opposite a big mirror; next to a box;
Exit the bedroom, and turn left towards another bedroom that is straight ahead of you. Enter inside, and walk towards the curtains, and turn left at the corner door to enter the bathroom, and stop there.
The painting is set in the food bar.
Walk past bed. Walk past green double chaises. Wait at threshold of white door.
Leave the empty room through the exit sign, walk towards the bathtub, and wait.
Exit the room and go up the stairs on your right. Turn right and go into the room on the right. Wait there.
walk towards the door with the exit sign above it, turn and walk through the doorway on the left, enter the bedroom, walk around the foot of the bed, towards the bathtub, turn left and stop in front of the flower barrier near the bathroom.
Head down the hallway past the zebra and hyena paintings.  Walk past the double doors and wait there.
The table is near a transparent dining-table, underneath a picture and near two brown chairs.
on the left of the innermost desks ,in front of a black cabinet and on the right side of the white cabinet
Go up stairs and turn left. Go past cabinet and chair. Enter doorway straight ahead. Turn left atnd stop in bathroom.
Go into the room. Turn right and go into the room next door. Pass the table and chairs then pass the bed and go into the bathroom on the right. Wait near the sink.
Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom, through the archway, and then make a right into an intersection and stop.
Leave the bathroom. Exit the bedroom. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the closet and walk into the bathroom. Go past the sinks on your left and stop in front of the shower.
Walk out of the closet area and into the gym room. Walk passed the gym equipment and through the open door ahead.  Walk passed the bed in the bedroom and into the office area.
Stand so the hallway with the stairs is behind you and walk down the walkway between the two rows of columns.  Walk straight until you enter another passageway on the opposite side of the large open room.  Stop just before entering the last room with the door leading outside.
Continue past the desk and continue walking straight past all of the desks until you reach the final desks. near the doors.
Exit the room and walk all the way down to the bottom of the stairs. Turn left and again left passing the white chair and stop in front of the piano.
Leave the bathroom and walk straight past the foot of the bed and onto the patio.  Stop after stepping onto the patio.
move down the hallway to the left of the stairs.
Walk up the stairs and enter the dining room on your right.  Walk to the edge of the living room and wait by the rail.
Walk out the bathroom door and turn to the right. Walk past the kitchen until you see the dining room table. Walk through the doorway that is to the left of the dining room table and stop.
This is a narrow aisle.
Walk straight, turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Go up the stairs on the right side of the small blackboard then walk straight to the table in the center of the room. After you are at the table walk to the office chair in front of the computer; then walk straight back past the hallway on the right. When you get to the long table behind of the ping pong table stop and wait.
Walk straight through the room and exit out the door on the left. Keep going past the large table and turn left. Walk down the hallway and stop when you reach the 2 entry ways. One in front of you and one to your right. The bar area is to your left.
Go straight through the doorway and in to the hallway.  Turn left and go through another door. Cross the room passed the table and enter the doorway on the left. Then continue going straight through another set of doors until you reach a large room.
The master bedroom is next to the stairs with a bathroom and a cloakroom in it.
Walk away from the door and turn left after the wooden barrier, walk straight to the right side of the table passing it completely. Continue straight towards a similar wooden barrier and stop in front of the wicker chair on your right.
Exit the small bathroom area and stand next to the makeup mirror on your right.
The recliner is placed in the corner of the bedroom next to the balcony.
Walk passed washer and dryer and through doorway. Turn right, go straight towards blue chairs and wait in front of blue chairs.
Go down the stairs, wait at the door to the left of the blue couch at the bottom of the stairs.
Go all the way up the stairs and then turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait by the white bed.
The wardrobe is put in a spacious and bright bedroom
in front of the third desk on the left side and near the innermost chair
Walk straight behind the two black leather chairs. To your right there will be two doors. Walk through the door on your left. As you walk through the door on the left make a left and walk passed the sitting area and into the kitchen. Turn left at the fridgerator and walk into the laundry area. Wait there next to the sink on your right.
Head down the hallway and turn left into the bedroom by the railing.  Go into the bedroom and stop by the bed.
Walk past bathroom sinks, go through door, turn left and walk past bed and through door, turn right and go through door and wait by couch.
Go inside into the living room. Go behind the brown couch. Go up the stairs into the dining room. Go into the kitchen. Go into the small room on the right of the kitchen and stand in front of the microwave.
Walk forward past the couch. Enter the second door from the left which is the entry way. Stop in the doorway to the entryway.
Walk past the refrigerator and turn slightly right. Continue past the dining table on the left and through the short hallway. Wait just inside the bedroom.
The pen is on a white book,between two chairs and near a computer,a mouse and a keyboard.
Enter the house at the sliding doors, into the living room. Continue going towards the stairs, then past the stairs, stopping in the doorway on the right.
There is a rectangular balcony, a cloakroom, a washroom and a toilet in the bedroom.
The painting is near a balcony and a dining room.
Walk out of the theater and take a left. walk into the room straight ahead and go into the fitness room. Take a left and stop in the doorway to the patio.
Go down the stairs and turn right. Walk all the way across the room past the fireplace. Enter the doorway and wait next to the bathtub.
Walk toward the stairs and turn left. Walk past the table and chairs and stop in front of the kitchen sink.
The DVD is against a wall in the living room.
There are some paintings and a keyboard in the living room.
The cabinet is under a mirror and near a small platform which has a lamp on it.
Walk out of the room and left past the stairs. Walk into the bedroom. Turn left and walk down the hall. Walk past the chair and ottoman. Stop just outside.
Walk toward the stairs and walk up the steps. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Go though the opening to your left and walk through the room with the table and chairs. Walk through the first door on your right and stop to the right once you enter the room.
Turn right and walk out the door to the right of the bookshelf. Once out, turn right and walk into the hallway. When you reach a doorway, turn right and then enter the first door on the left. Stop once you enter the bathroom.
Exit bedroom into the interior of the house. Walk passed the washing machine on the right. Walk straight through the kitchen area to the outside door.  Step outdoors and stop near the door.
Walk away from the orange leather couch and make a right by the two metal chairs.  Walk past the frosted glass wall, with will be on your right as you pass.  Exit the house.  Stop when you get past the orange sculpture outside the door.
next to a short chair,in front of the pillar and a book shelf
Go to the right, near the down arrow hanging from the balcony.  Turn left into the next room and stop in front of the hammock.
Walk from bedroom to hallway, through double doors to outside. Stop next to bed.
Here connects with a narrow room by a blue door, and here has access to the outdoors.
The restroom is on the left side of the stairs.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the stairs and in the central of the corridor.
Turn around and go to the bar. Go around the bar to the left and pass the table. Take the pathway on the left and pass the painting. Go through the door  and stop in front of the tv.
Enter and leave the living area. Walk into the bedroom and wait by the foot of the bed.
next to a towel, next to a refuse bin
Exit bathroom and turn left. Follow railing through archway and stop beside window.
Walk down stone walkway towards glass doorway. Turn right into glass doorway and wait.
Turn right and continue down the hall with the glass railing to your left. Stop in the door that goes outside to the balcony.
With the bathroom to your right, exit the room, then turn left and go down the hallway, passing by the stairs on your left to eventually enter the room at the extreme end of the hallway.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk up two stairs on the left and wait there.
FACING A HALLWAY WITH SEVERAL PAINTINGS ON THE RIGHT WALK FORWARD TO THE END OF THE HALLWAY, TURN RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE ANOTHER HALLWAY WITH A  BUILT IN CABINET SHELF AREA TO THE LEFT AND AN OPEN DOOR TO THE RIGHT, WALK TO THE OPEN DOOR AND TURN RIGHT SO THE CABINET IS BEHIND YOU AND YOU ARE FACING A BEDROOM WITH A GREEN AND WHILE BED, WALK INTO THE BEDROOM UNTIL YOU REACH THE FOOT OF THE BED.
walk out of the elevator and go straight and into the kitchen. In the kitchen go down the stairs into the living room and stop next to the polka dotted chair next to the end table.
Walk past the kitchen and enter the bathroom through the second door on the right. Stop in front of the bathroom sink.
Walk towards the chairs. Turn left past the table. Walk through the doorway into the bedroom. Turn left. Walk past the bed towards the bathroom. Stop at the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk straight through the open door. Turn left, and go through the door to the left of the pool table. Turn left into the bathroom and stop.
Take a right and then take a left. Take another left and wait in the huge shower.
Walk through the hallway that has the ottoman on your left. Walk past the pool table, and walk through the doorway straight in front of it.Stop right after you pass through the doorway.
Go down the hall and wait at the base of the stairs.
The stool is placed in front of a television and on the left of a stone.
Behind the chair is balcony and the living room is near the sofa.
They near some glass bezels.
Go outside, walk towards the pool and stop near the patio.
Leave the bathroom and turn right. Turn right again and move forward. Then stop just after reaching the tile floor.
The mirror is set in the dining room.
in the center of the squared room;
Walk past the stairs and proceed down the hallway to the double doors on the right. Wait there near the posters.
Leave the pantry, and take a left. Walk forward and go to the patio. Stop in the patio doorway behind the first patio chair.
Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Wait near the bed.
Walk up the stairs, cross the porch, enter the living room, wait at the doorway to the kitchen.
Walk towards the room with the fireplace. Make a left and walk towards the first set of hanging lights. Make a right and walk into the doorway of the double doors.
exit the bedroom area toward the wooden staircase. Make a right and enter through the white doors. While standing in front of the wall tapestry make a right toward the decorated tree. Continue down the hallway to your right and enter into the first room on the left hand side.
Leave the indoor porch area and go into the living room. Make a right when you get behind the couch and go straight back to the kitchen. Make a left at the end of the kitchen and wait in the doorway of the kitchenette.
Walk beside the pool, in the space between the pool and the lounge chairs. At the last lounge chair, turn left. Stop by the steps.
The book is set in the bedroom.
Enter the hallway with the potted plants, go left into the first archway (not doorway) and go straight and to the right of the white table, make a right into the first archway and then when you are near the rug with the grey couch on it stop.
next to two glass walls,in front of a huge pillar
There is a room specially used for washing near it.
Head toward the zebra painting.  Turn left and stop on the rug by the sword.
The bed is set near two black screens, below two paintings and near a black fitness equipment.
Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom to the hallway. In the hallway take a right and take another right in the office which is the first room on the right.
next to a laundry basket, in front of a massage bed
Walk straight and then turn right at the couch. Walk straight past the guitar and then walk into the middle doorway. Wait in the entryway.
Walk through the open doors with the blue light above it. Head left and walk through the double wooden/glass doors with a blue light above them. Stop right after you go through the door.
Go straight down hallway, turn right into the open door, turn left, walk passed the beds into the bathroom and stop in the doorway.
Go passed the table and stop near the doorway on the right, near the white bookshelves.
Go inside through the front door and turn right. Walk past the glass dining table and into the hall next to the kitchen. Stop near the end of the hall, next to the thermostat.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right past the end table. Stop before the doorway.
Move down the hall toward the purple sign on the ground. Go through the door. Continue straight and stop in the first doorway on your right.
Walk out of the room and go up the stairs. Then turn left and walk up some more stairs and walk into the room. Wait at the entrance of the room.
The chair is settled in a kitchen on the first floor.
The office is opposite to 302 big office,in front of the corridor gate and near the tea room.
on the wall, near a small bed
Walk passed the sink area and into the closet. Walk into room with couches and a glass wall. Walk out of the room and onto the outside deck area. Stop near the outdoor tub.
on a table,on the right of the receipt printer,at the back of the screen
Exit the room. Go straight until you get to another room. Wait near the dresser.
The monocucle is placed in a reading room.
Walk to the counter and turn left. Walk through both entryways and stop between the front door and the dining room table and chairs.
Go straight until you pass the chairs on the right. Turn right and then turn left. Wait near the chandelier.
Exit the bathroom, then exit the bedroom into the hallway. Stop just outside the room, next to the beach photo on the wall.
walk away from the toilet, turn left at the bed, and left again at the desk. Continue through the doorway, past the red cabinets, and past the two chairs on the right. Turn left and stop once you are on the carpet.
a room specially used for washing and with many sinks.
There are many glass bottles on the cabinet and two sofas are in front of it.
Make a left and walk out of the double doors. Walk straight ahead to the chair at the end of the hall. Make a right into the utility room.
The chair is on the left side of a small wooden table under a wooden box, near a beige chair and below two pictures.
Walk towards the water dispenser and exit the doorway to the left. Walk straight left of the white circular table and towards the wooden staircase.
Walk past the television and outside. Turn right and stop just outside the doorway.
With the horse statue on the table behind you, walk around the dining table on the left side and past the screen.  Walk to the open front door and stop in the doorway going outside.
Turn around and walk through the kitchen. Turn left and walk along beside the bar and behind the couch. Cross the room and go down the hallway to the right. Go all the way down the hallway and enter the double wood doors to the right of the door going outside. Stop right inside the room facing the desk.
Go around the bed and out though the last door on the left. Turn left and stop near the white doors.
The sofa is set in a living room.
Walk past the yellow sofa and proceed around the bed and enter the bathroom .  Stand near the bath tub.
Walk across room to exit at double doors. Wait at door to bathroom.
The mouse is on a desk of a big office with a number 302.
Leave the bedroom and walk straight down the hallway and stop in front of the framed artwork on the wall at the end, just after you pass a bathroom.
The chair is located is spacious and bright bedroom.
Turn right and walk across the room to the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop halfway up.
under the picture, next to a small table, next to the washroom's door
Turn left into the hallway. Go down the hallway. Turn left in the second door. Wait near the sink.
The office is along the road to exit, around the corner of a junction of three roads and opposite to the single office.
The bed is next to a brown wall and between two small black tables under a black lamp and a black sculpture.
The washroom is inside the office, which is on the first floor and next to the livingroom and stairs.
Go up the two steps on your left. Continue straight until you pass the stairs on your left. Turn right and wait near the oven.
The cabinet is under a big mirror and across from a big bed.
Walk past the table and chair son the left. Turn right and then go out the door on the left. Walk straight until you get to  a large pot with a molded bush. Stop there.
The chair is on the opposite side of a white corridor and near a living room.
The desk is close to four chairs and glass door.
Go straight passed the blue couch. Go toward the door at the end of the hall and stop.
Walk forward toward the doorway, and wait at the top of the staircase.
a small washroom belongs to a changing room;
The cabinet is in a kitchen on the first floor.
The sofa is near a porch.
Turn around and go out on the porch. Turn towards your left and walk across the porch towards the other house. Stop in the doorway of the porch.
walk out of the laundry room and straight into the bedroom.
The cabinet is settled in a warm child-bedroom.
Walk through the pine door into the hallway. Enter the bathroom through the second door on your right. Stop in the bathroom once you pass the door.
Turn right and exit the bedroom. Turn right toward the door and wait by the plaque.
Exit the shower and go into the room then turn right to exit the bedroom. Head toward the beige couches and wait near the blue rug with the three round coffee tables.
Go down the stairs and take a right. Walk through the kitchen and take a left at the end of the counter. Walk into the dining area and stop next to the counter.
The computer is in an office whose number is 359.
They are the last stairs to the room.
Turn around and walk through the bathroom.  Then enter the hallway and turn right.  Walk into the living room, turn left and head towards the kitchen. Stand near the patio doors.
Move past the glass desk and exit the room, Wait in the hallway next to the portrait of a man with a guitar.
The table is on a carpet and has some flowers on it.
Walk straight out of the bathroom, past the living room and wait by the large dining table.
Walk past the pool and wait in the hallway.
Turn right and pass the two rocking chairs. Turn right into the house and wait near the coffee table.
Exit the closet of my dreams.  Then turn left and enter the hallway with the stair well.  Walk around the stairs, past the chair and enter the laundry room.
Go down both sets of stairs. Wait by the blue couch.
The drawer is set faces the window.
Sculpture in living room
Go down the stairs, walk to the patio door, wait at the patio door.
Exit the bathroom using the door on the right then exit the room using the door on the right. head straight toward the stairway the goes up and wait there.
Go through the glass doors on the left, past the bed. Stop in the hallway.
Go straight down the hall and go into the second door on the right. Enter the room and stop.
Turn to your left. Exit the door on the right. Walk through the room towards the dark wood doors with glass windows. Exit the doors and stop facing the small table and black statue on the shelf.
Walk out of the bathroom and into the theater. Turn right and stop in the doorway.
The power switch is placed on the edge of the wall next to the door.
Walk past the reception counter and out of the room through the open glass door. Turn and walk through the open glass double doors to the right. Walk past the bamboo display and the counter. Continue past the glass panel wall and stop near the open door.
walk away from the toilet down the hall to the left, continue past the bed, continue past the green couch and walk through the doorway on the left. Stop in the doorway.
go to the doorway and go straight down the doorway and stop right in the middle of the bed.
Exit the bedroom and enter the bathroom through the first door. Wait in front of the sink.
Walk out of the bedroom and across the empty room. Stop in the doorway.
Leave the bedroom and take a left. Walk down the hall stop before you reach the patio door on the right.
You're in a bathroom, turn to the right and walk through the doorway.  Walk over the carpet and to the colorful stairs.  Walk up a step and then wait.
Go out of the bathroom, straight through the hallway, go into the first door on the right and wait just inside the bedroom.
Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk down the hallway past the plants.  Stop right before the top of the stairs.
The vase is in a rest room on the second floor.
Leave the bedroom and go up the first set of stairs.  Turn left and go up a few more stairs and stop in the doorway on the landing.
Take the doorway left of the cabinet. Enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom through the double doors on the right. Turn left at the mirror and then take a sharp right. Enter the living area. Walk to the double doors directly to the right. Stop there.
The mirror is in the bedroom bathroom.
Exit the bedroom through the door left of the ornate gold nightstand.  Walk forward past the chandelier and enter the room with the giant encased centerpiece.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk down the hallway and turn left into the bedroom. Stop by the table.
The whiteboard is set in the hall.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Turn left towards the dining area. Walk past the dining table. Wait near the wall with the light switches on your left.
Go indoors. Go straight toward the fireplace. When you get to the fireplace turn left. Wait in that hallway.
Facing the projector screen that says Impact Hub Trieste, turn left towards the two entrances at the end of the room. Walk all the way to the entrances until you see a white couch with four pillows on them. Once you see the couch you have reached your destination.
The vase is in the study.
There is a window next to it and a switch below the side
Go straight, turn right, go the through the doorway on the right, turn right into the first archway on the right, turn right again into the doorway between the bedroom and the bathroom and then stop.
Walk passed the counter toward the kitchen, and turn left into the bedroom across the hall.
Work room face the dinning room.
The vase is set in the bright livingroom.
Turn to the left and walk straight towards the glass door that leads to the outside. Make another left at the clay sofa. Make another slight left and climb the stairs.
Go straight and pass the tables and chairs. Go past the ping pong table and wait by the desk with two brown chairs and one black chair.
Take a left and walk towards the white door. Wait in front of the bathroom.
The club chair is in the study.
Walk toward the stairs then turn right. Turn left and go past the table and chairs. Turn right and wait near the entrance of the room.
leave bathroom to office, walk across office to hallway, follow hallway and turn slight left, stop in living room with stairs at the right.
Walk out of the bathroom and to the right. Walk across the hall into the bathroom and turn right. Stop in front of the urinal.
exit bedroom, turn right stop in center doorway.
The small chair is put at the cornerr outside the hovel ,which is under a beautiful picture.
go up the first 5 steps and turn left on the landing, continue up the stairs, make a right on the 2nd landing, walk straight through the bathroom, stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
The painting is near a living room on the first floor.
Walk across the roof. Stop at the top of the stairs.
The recliner and the table is in front of the drawer.
Go stand in the kitchen entrance.
Picture between the living room stairs and bedroom, opposite the toilet
From the library, go out toward the marble stairs  Go down the stairs and ahead toward a room with a large fireplace.  Stop at the room entrance.
The recline is located in the spacious courtyard.
Exit the room. Turn right and go straight until you get to a round table. Turn right and go into the hallway. Turn right and go into the room in the left. Wait there.
Walk towards the fireplace. Stop near the window to the left of the fireplace.
Face slightly left and proceed through the kitchen. Move between the countertops towards the sink. Continue forward past the stove. Continue out of the kitchen and into the dining room. stop behind a chair.
Go up the stairs and past the fireplace, and wait at the start of the hallway with carpeting.
Walk to the left of the pillar. Walk past the sink and end table. Walk past the sink and stop.
walk towards fridge, turn left and walk through black door turn right and walk through doorway and stop.
Turn to your left and walk to the other side of the bedroom. Stop right in front of the glass door leading to outside.
Walk past the red sculpture and into the building. Walk past the metal chair and turn left. Stop behind the red leather chair.
At the end of the hall you need to make a left and go down the hall. When you get to the end of the hall you will see an exit sign that is near the ceiling. Next walk past the exit sign and wait in front of an office and in the center of the floor.
Walk through the bathroom into a closet. Leave the closet and go into the bedroom. Stop between the bed and the armchair on the right.
Turn around and enter the house.  Turn to your left and walk down the hallway. Enter the guest bedroom and wait by the door.
TUrn around.  Leave the bathroom through the doorway.  Go into the bedroom, past the foot of the bed, turn to the right.  and down the hallway.  Then you'll be in the kitchen/living room.  Go behind the couch and in front of the island area.  Go towards the table, and then wait.
The vase is in a corridor on the first floor.
Exit the kitchen through the doorway to your left. Walk foward to the table. Turn left, walk forward a few steps and take another left into the bathroom with a red wall. Wait by the white shuttered doors.
Exit the bathroom and walk past the bedroom door.  Enter the study and turn right. Stand near the clock.
The bathtub is near the bedroom and toilet.
Enter hall and turn left to large room with a table in the middle. Walk across room and enter narrow hallway. Enter empty room and stop after taking 4 steps in.
Walk past the pool on the left and the grass on the right. Enter the house, and wait at the dining table.
Walk forward and slightly to the left, going around the glass floors and past the gray lounge chairs on the left. Wait next to the sliding glass doors.
Make a sharp turn right and walk outside. Walk left past the chairs. Walk down the steps and stop.
Go down the stairs, and to the right. In the living room go up the two stairs, and take a right. Exit the house. Stop once you exit the house.
Exit the bedroom. Make a left. Walk past the leather chair on the left. Walk past the breakfast bar on the right. Wait at the round end table.
walk down the hallway to the left, there will be a  green Hurom sign on the window on your left. Continue straight and stop when there is an empty office on your left, and an office with an Apple computer on a white desk with a black chair on your right.
between two elevators, in front of a bar counter
The power switch is next to the door and refrigerator.
Exit the room using the door on your left then turn left and go into the room next door. Wait by the sink.
Turn to the right, exit the bedroom through the door on the right. Go down the stairs and stop on the large landing.
Stay on the walkway and follow the slightly curving path toward the door. Walk through the door and wait.
beside a white switch; below a wall lamp;
Turn right and head out into the room with the three leaf decoration on the wall, pass the decoration on its right, go through the doorway and up the stairs, stop at the third step before the top facing the three piece picture.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk straight into the bedroom. Wait just inside the bedroom entrance.
Walk out of the laundry room and turn left. Walk down the hall past the mirror and turn right. Walk past the island and outside. Stop in front of the plants.
Walk past the bridal room and office toward the stone fireplace, and turn toward the exit and the stairs, and wait.
With the window behind you go straight and out of the room into the hallway and take a left in the hall and another left into the bathroom stopping once you are past the door in the bathroom.
take a step into the kitchen and turn right and walk into the dining room, turn left and walk in between the table and wooden dresser, walk through the doorway and stop before you reach the carpet.
Leave the room and walk into the bigger area.  Stop between the guitar and the couch.
The laptop is set in the study on the second floor.
biside the cabinet, facing the TV
Walk straight passing the dining table. Turn left on the very first corner entering a library room. Stop at the very first white chair on the left.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Go into the kitchen area. Turn left and go through the door into the long room with a lot of wine of the shelves. Stop about five feet into the room.
Walk through the laundry room past the washing machines through the door into the hallway. Walk down the hall between the banister rails. Turn the corner near the blue armchairs and walk to the desk on the opposite wall with the bulletin boards above.
Exit the room and take an immediate left.  Wait in front of the sink on the left.
The photo is set in the spacious livingroom.
Walk toward the staircase and turn right. Walk through the room and right past the chairs. Stop in the hallway.
You need to leave the bedroom and make a right turn in the hallway. Next, walk to the end of the hall to the bedroom that is to the right of the room with the large sink. When you get to the doorway of the bedroom stop.
in a vase, in front of a picture
From the stairs turn right and walk around the staircase then walk down the hall. Then take a right and wait in the doorway of the bathroom.
With the BBQ grill to your right, move forward and then turn to the right keeping the grill to your right. Enter the building through the sliding glass doors ahead of you and to the left.
Turn around and go out of the bathroom into the room. Exit the room and take a slight right onto the stairs. Wait here on the stairs.
The pool near the platform.
The painting is near a corridor.
Turn around to exit the bathroom. Cross the hallway, and go into the next doorway. Stop in the bedroom door.
Next to the living room door and a socket
The lamp is settled in the corner of a dining room on the first floor.
You can see a reception area next here, where the stairs beside.
Walk across room to kitchen. Stop at kitchen sink.
Turn left and exit the room. Walk to the other side of the bedroom and turn left to exit beside the large white storage area. Once you exit walk straight ahead and then turn right and stop on the second step of the stairs.
Exit the closet. Turn right. Exit the room. Turn right. Go straight into the room. Turn left and wait near the red and white bench.
Go passed the red artwork on the left, go into the doorway and then make a right after the first silver chair. Go straight through the glass door and step into the bedroom and stop.
Turn around and exit the movie area through the left doorway. Turn left and walk along the hall. Turn right on the first doorway to your right. Wait in the bathroom.
on the right side of the printer, on the desk and a canlendar
Enter the living room and go up the stairs to the kitchen. Take a left and go up the stairs to the landing and go straight. Stop once you are past the door into this room.
Exit the spa room and walk into the reception area through the set of double doors.  Wait there.
This area has a long corridor close to the wall.
Leave the conference room and go right. Walk down the hall, and enter the classroom through the first door on the left. Stop once you pass the door.
Exit the laundry room and turn left.  Walk to the door then turn right.  Walk past the desk and enter the living room.  Wait near the sofa.
Go to the bed. Go to the electrical outlet. Go to the settee. Go to the closet.
Go to the end of the bed. Exit out the door on the right. Turn left and travel through the open door to the kitchen area. Stop at the bowl of fruit.
Walk through bedroom and out the other door. Go down the hall to the next room on the right. Wait on the bed on the right.
between a screen and a receipt printer,at the edge of a desk and in front of a elastic
The office is opposite to a public working office and has a path leading to an exit on the left side.
The bench is set in the kitchen.
Go through the doorway into the hall and turn right. Walk up the steps, turn left and enter the first door on the left. Wait near the corner shelves.
Turn around to your right and head straight towards the couch, stopping just in front of the corner of it to your right, just to the right of the rug. Slight right, then head in the direction of the wooden door in front of you. Turn right down the hallway, Move straight, stopping in front of the white open door frame. Hang a slight right, walking through the doorframe, Move straight and wait in front of the black and white striped rug.
Turn left and go down the steps. Walk forward and enter the first room on your right. Stop once you have entered the bedroom.
Walk to the left of the bed and right into the bathroom past the candles. Make a sharp turn left into the closet and stop.
Walk down the hall past the fire extinguisher and turn left. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom on the left.
Wait in between the two white pillars next to the brown couch.
The doorhand is located in a corner which is between the living room and the toilet.
Walk between the table and counter, turn left at the glass doors and go towards the bed and stop midway.
walk away from the fireplace, between the flower and side table towards the bar, turn right and walk past the back of the couch next to bar, follow the bar and curve to the left so you are in front of the mirror, walk through the doorway to the right of the pool table, enter the bathroom and stop in front of the sink.
Turn around and walk towards the TV on the wall. Turn left right before you reach the TV and enter the hallway. Stop once you are in the doorway straight ahead.
The kitchen is on the third floor, facing the stairs and next to the dining room.
Walk down stairs, turn right and continue down stairs, stop at bottom of stairs at sauna.
Walk around the kitchen island and towards the easel.  Go to the two staircases and stop on the first step on the staircase to the left.
The bathroom is next to a corridor and there is a kitchen downstairs.
Go straight into the kitchen and then turn left. Go straight until you get to the round table with chairs that has a horse statue on it and wait there.
These lights is on a sink and in front of a big mirror.
Go up the short flight of five stairs, then ahead and towards the right into the bedroom with the door marked with a cross of red warning tape marked "DANGER - PELIGRO".
Turn to the right and walk past the bed. Walk into the next room, standing by the fireplace.
Go down the stairs turn right beside the table and chair.  Go down the hallway stop in the bedroom.
Walk past the stairs going up and the wooden door.  Turn left and go down the stairs.  Stop after going down two or three steps.
Turn right and go towards exit. Travel passed the couch and out the doors heading towards the pool. Stop about 2 meters to the left of corner of the pool with the stairs on it. Wait there.
Two same triangle glass tea tables are put in the center of the big living room, on a big rectangle carpet.
Turn around and walk towards the slender white table. Turn right and exit the bedroom via the farthest doorway to the right. Enter the bathroom and wait by the sink.
Walk straight out of the kitchen and once you reach the desk, turn around and walk outside using the door to the left of the kitchen. Once outside, turn left and walk until you step down and stop.
The screen is in a small-sized office.
in the hallway of a changing room with many lockers around it;
the bedroom is next to a open-balcony and a living room.
on the carpet, facing the picture, next to the door
Walk past the computer desk and glass wall.  Continue walking past the other computer desk.  Walk past the book shelf.  Wait near the desk by the stairs.
Go to the left side of the dining table. Go to the small vase on the floor.
Walk towards the pool, turn left and move down the hallway, stop at the first door, turn right and enter the room.
It has a black hair dryer and there is a trashcan under the hair dryer.
Walk up the steps and go straight. Then turn right and go inside. Then turn left and wait in front of the kitchen.
The door is in a bedroom on the second floor.
Walk through the sitting area and turn left. Then walk through the dinning room. Then walk into the kitchen. Stand near the counter top.
Exit the closet and turn right to go into the hallway. Go right and continue through the hallway. Go up the first set of steps and turn right. Stop in the doorway of the workout room.
The office is along the road to the stairs of the exit and around the corner of a junction of three roads.
Walk up the stairs and turn right at the top.  After passing the first doorway, turn left and go into the bathroom.  Stop after passing through the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk up the stairs. Wait at the potted plant on the landing.
Go down the stairs and turn right and walk down the hall. Stop in front of the fireplace on the right, between the two black chairs.
The lamp is on the ceiling and above the vase.
The light is above the living room and near a attic.
The drawer is under the table and next to the door.
Exit the kitchen and go through the hallway until you get to the garage and wait there.
The single sofa is placed front facing the bookcase ,and back facing the glass door to the balcony in the relaxing area.
Go outside and walk to the left of the pool. Turn into the last room on the left. It's the room with a glass desk and two gray rugs. Stop in the doorway.
Leave the elevator and take a left. Walk down the hallway heading to the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk towards the piano, and throught the middle doorway. Walk towards the stairs, and stop between the two stair cases that go down.
The chair is below the painting and close to the wall.
Walk through the open french doors. Make a right at the area rug. Walk past the Christmas tree on the left. Wait at the wreath on the door to the left.
Walk through the bedroom into the sitting area. Walk to the fireplace in the sitting room. Stop in front of the fireplace.
go straight wait near dinning table then turn right then go straight near fridge turn left next left laundry room is goal.
Stepout of the bathroom and into the hall way and make a right and walk into the foyer and turn right and walk to the end of the stairs and make a left and walk to doorway between the statue of a person with a hat on and the vase and walk though the doorway and wait there.
Go straight down the hall until you get to a bedroom then stop by the bed.
Go straight down the hallway. Enter the room through the first doorway you come to on your left and wait.
The typewriter is set in the middle of the office.
Walk past the piano and into the entry. Walk past the front door and enter the study that has many bookshelves. Stop in front of the rug that's under the desk.
Walk down the hall and to the left. Walk into the entryway on the right. Stop in front of the dining room table.
Exit the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Exit the bedroom to the door on the right. Go down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stiars.
Walk along the sidewalk to the edge of the pool.  Stand in the doorway.
Leave the bedroom through the right, enter the bathroom, and wait.
Walk forward and go up the three stairs. Go into the bathroom on the right and stop in front of the sink.
After you leave the bathroom make a left in the hall and wait in the kitchen across the hall.
The model plane is in a meeting room that has the number 05.
two same tea tables are put on the rectangle carpet, they are put close to the big sofa
Exit the laundry room and turn right.  Walk into the bedroom and stand next to the bed and sitting area.
The table is surrounded by three black wooden chairs which have blue mats, under the white hollowed-out tablecloth and near a brown wooden carbinet.
Exit the room and turn left. Walk through the first doorway on the left. Wait on the right side of the room partition.
Leave the bedroom, and veer left. Go into the bedroom to the left of the arcade machine. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Walk down hallway, descend steps and stop at landing.
Leave bar area, walk across living room through double doors, turn right into hallway. Stop at large closet on the left.
Exit the bedroom, exit the bathroom, turn right down the hall, turn right before the laundry room, and take a step into the bedroom and stop before the tile runs out.
a room within two different mirrors and a glass shower cubicle;
Exit the bathroom and turn left.  Walk down the hallway and through the doorway straight ahead of you at the end of the hallway to enter the kitchen.  From the kitchen, walk though the first doorway on your right and stop.
Walk out of the laundry room and down the stairs.  Turn left at the bottom of the stairs and go forward into the living room. Wait next to the piano and the reclining chair.
Walk through the double doors into the building and stop to the left of the table with the flowers.
Turn right and move forward past the brown table, then turn left and move forward through the doorway. Continue through the room until you are past the wooden double-doors and wait there.
Head indoors, stop in the foyer and wait near the table.
Walk down the hallway. and stop near the desk and bed,.
in front of the cooking table,under a ceiling lamp
Walk past the red sculpture and into the building. Walk straight and turn left by the chair. Walk straight and turn left. Walk up the stairs. Stop on the second step.
The drawer is near a bedroom and a living room.
Go towards the picture at the end of the hall with the brown frame, make a right and go straight and step onto the white carpet and then stop.
The meeting room is at the corner of the three fork road,opposite to an empty  room and has a corridor connecting to the rest area.
Exit the room and turn left. Walk out the first door on the left.
When you are standing at the top of the stairs make a right turn and walk to the hallway beside the other stairs. Next walk to the end of the hall into the doorway of the bedroom and wait.
Turn left and move straight through the room and then walk through the doorway. Wait just inside the doorway.
Walk past the couch and the oven to the front door. Walk out the door and stop on the entrance mat outside.
next to a mirror and toiletries, in front of a Frence door
The chair is placed in the corner of a wide and bright study.
There are many recliners, stools and desk in the balcony.
The office is at the corner of a junction of three roads and next to the corridor door.
The chair is in a big shared office owning the number of 363.
Exit bathroom and turn left past the pool table into the living room. Continue straight past the couches and carpeted stairs. Once you reach wooden stairs, go up one and wait on the second.
Walk forward toward the stairs and go up the first, and second set of stairs. After you are up the second set take a right and another right. Stop before you reach the two white chairs.
Walk forward, face left at the stairs, wait on the staircase.
Walk forward With the patio at your back, and take a left at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway into the fitness room.
Walk across the patio to large glass door wall into the kitchen. Walk to the left hand side of the counter. Continue straight into bedroom and stop in bedroom before bed on white rug.
walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the entryway on the left and stop in the kitchen.
Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Turn right and walk into the closet. Turn left and walk into the bathroom. Stop in the bathroom.
Turn around and exit 2 doors straight ahead to get out of the bathroom. Once you enter the theater room, exit out the first door on your right and stop.
The bag is in a six person office.
Walk through the bathroom towards the shower. Walk into the bedroom and pass the bed out through the door on the other side. Walk into the hallway and around the corner to the door that leads outside.
Go straight through the door, turn left, and go through the door in the corner. Enter the bathroom and stop before the sink.
Go up the steps then turn right and wait near the sink with the wine.
Exit the bathroom, walk down the hallway toward the stairs, turn hard left to enter the bedroom to the left of the closet, wait at the foot of the bed.
a hall with a big rounded bar and a bathing pool;
Turn right and go straight down the room along the long table. Turn left and enter the door into the seating area with the TV.
The curtain is opposite to a white and brown bed and two skateboards.
The back of vase is the living room and the front is the kitchen
Walk straight past the ping pong table and then turn right and walk toward the stairs. Wait near there.
Exit the balcony and go through the living room. Walk up the four steps and stop.
Walk toward the front door. Walk past the door, and enter the bedroom. Take a right and enter the bathroom. Stop behind the black bench.
The printer is in a big office.
Enter house by exiting outside area  make a right next to couch,  walk toward dinning area, make a right and stop a kitchen entrance.
The sofa is on the left side of a brown rectangular table and two cuboid chairs.
Leave the bedroom and take a left. Walk down the hall and through the sitting area. Stop in the hallway before you reach the doors to the bedroom.
The lamp is set in the bright livingroom.
Walk forward past the rope line and go down the stairs to the bottom of the first landing.
Enter the building, take the first left and stop in the first doorway.
The family cinema is on the right side of it
Leave the room where the office is and make a right. Go down the hall and go to the doorway to the bedroom at the end of the hall. Wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
Opposite to the drawer is a hallway.
The TV is on the table settled in a warm child-bedroom.
in front of the entrance door,a big billboard,on the left of a shelf and behind a white sofa
This area has lots of red  chairs and a red carpet.
the bathroom is on its right side
Leave the bedroom. Stop in front of the left door of the wine closet.
Turn left, then wait in the great room near the kitchen counter.
Walk straight. Make a slight left to walk through the hallway. Turn slight left into the room and take a right. Walk past the counter and take a right. Wait there.
Walk around the dining table to the left. Walk straight down the hallway and turn left. Enter the bedroom and turn right. Wait in the closet doorway.
Exit the bathroom then turn left. Go past the bed and wait near the small round table with the chairs.
Turn right before the mirror. Continue straight. Stop in the doorway at the end of the hall, just before the large tan rug.
Go out of the bathroom go over to the dining room table and wait in front of the fireplace.
Walk into the kitchen, turn right and wait near the stove.
Walk past stove. Go through doorway. Turn left. Turn right and go past bedroom. Continue down hallway. Stop in hall near painting.
Walk froward. Go diagonally right. Exit room through the right. Stop at the door leading to stairs.
Go around the couch and up the wooden stairs. Turn left and head up the stairs.  Stop before the first flight ends.
The television is opposite to a white sofa, near a black table and a blue chair.
walk upstairs and turn right, walk past the first room, make a left turn and stop at the doorway.
Walk out of the dining area and walk straight into the bedroom that's past the living room. When in the bedroom take a left into the sitting area in the bedroom. Wait in the sitting area.
Turn around and walk down the hallway. turn to your right and enter the bedroom. stop by the bed.
Walk past the stair railing on the left. Walk past the vent above the doorway to the right.Wait at the closed leaded glass door on the right.
Turn around and walk back into the house and turn right towards the kitchen but don't go to the kitchen. Make your first right into the dining room and stand just behind the first chair to the right of the dining table.
The towel hangs beside the table and at the bottom right of the sink.
Walk into the kitchen. Make a left in front of the island. Walk past the area rug on the floor. Wait at the dining table.
Walk down the hallway to your right.  Then turn left and stand on the first set of stairs.
Turn right and go around the basketball court, stay on the gravel until you come to the left hand corner of the basketball court and stop.
Descend stairs, Wait at dinning table.
Go up the stairs and turn right. Wait in front of the painting on the wall.
The chair is set near a corridor on the second floor.
Turn around and go straight down the path. Turn right passed the last plant.
next to the woody doors and the mirror
The picture is placed on the wall on the opposite of the sofa.
Exit the bedroom. Go into the kitchen and stop next to the painting of a lake and mountain.
Follow the stepping stones to the breezeway. Stop at the black glass door.
next to the small lamp and above the stove
The television is set opposite to a green bed and above a brown and black drawer.
Walk across the kitchen and turn right past the refrigerator. Go forward, enter  the door on your right, and walk into the restroom.
continue down the stairs and turn right walking in front of two recliners, continue straight through the doorway to a bedroom and turn right to walk past the foot of the bed. Stop in front of the bathtub.
Walk across the room to the door next to the couch, and stop.
Walk past floor runner. Wait at top of stairs.
Turn left and go outside using the large glass sliding doors. Turn left and go inside again. Walk past the bed and exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and wait near the sink.
Turn around and walk to the refrigerator. Wait there.
Turn around.and walk to the right side of the room. Keep walking down the hallway and enter the bedroom straight ahead with the glass doors. Stop once you are in the room.
on a small table, in the middle of two white chairs
The picture is settled in a small living room on the first floor.
Walk straight and take a right and go down the hallway. Take a  left at the exit sign and enter the kitchenette. Stop in front of locker 43.
Walk into the house off the balcony. Walk straight across into hallway across from the balcony. take the next right, and then go into the room with the dark blue floral wallpaper. Stop in the doorway.
Go down the hall, make a left, continue down hall until you get to an exit sign on the left, then stop at the exit sign.
Walk out of the laundry room, turn left and wait by the dinning room table.
Walk around the table and pass by the kitchen, then turn left at the first doorway. Stop near the water heater.
Walk out onto the walk outside the house, and go straight, make a right and wait near the plants.
The mirror is placed above the drawer and sink.
Exit kitchen to stairs, stop at stairs.
Walk past the sign and to the right of the table and chairs. Walk right across the room past the palisserie sign. Walk to the other side of the table and chairs and stop.
walk by bottom of stairs and continue straight until you go through door, stop in bedroom.
The corridor connects the rest area and many offices.
Walk out of the bedroom and into the hall. Walk up the stairs and make a sharp left. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk past the glass desk and exit the room into the hallway. Turn left and walk to the staircase. Stop in the middle of the bottom landing.
Go straight until you get to the second double glass doors on the left and go inside then walk until you get the the round table with the vase and flowers.
Turn right. Turn left at the stairs. Wait in the entry way of the bedroom just ahead.
Walk into the house through the door on the left. Go up the three stairs on the left. Enter the bathroom under the stairs. Stop in the doorway.
Turn around and make a left around the mauve sofa. Walk straight until you get to the white door frame. Walk into the room with the oriental rug.
on the cabinet which is on the left of the furnace, next to a photo
It has an outlet right under it and It has a very similar switch on its right.
Turn around and enter the living room.  Then turn right and walk down the hallway.  Then turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait by the end table.
Turn around and walk to the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop the the foot of the two beds.
Walk inside through the open sliding glass door. Turn into the first doorway on the left and stop.
Walk down the hall that curves left. Stop by the flower painting.
The computer faces the hallway.
The paintings are very close to the living room and the balcony.
With the toilet behind you, move forward, passing by the table on your right and exiting through the doorway ahead of you. Turn to the right and exit this room via the door on your right just past the mirror. Stop in between the two mirrors to your right.
Turn right towards kitchen. Go into hallway and walk into dining room.
Walk into the open office area and walk around the first desk and along the glass wall past the next desk with arrow hanging from the ceiling above with the word host. Walk past the desk and the black cabinet ahead then continue down the small set of stairs ahead,.
Continue up stairs and wait at the top, once you reach wooden floor.
Walk around the bed and exit the bedroom through the door next to the lamp. Turn left slightly and wait by the stationary bike.
The table is near a stair and near a dining room.
on the right side of the counter,on the left side of the box full of cards and in front of a chair
Step out of the laundry room and turn left. walk down the hallway and stop in the double door entryway.
Exit the room, go up the steps and stop in the first door on the right.
The corridor is on the second floor, has two stairs and some rooms.
The plant is in a vast reading hall.
Turn left and walk to the brown chair. Turn right and walk past the television and lamps. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Cross colorful rug towards bed. Continue past bed and out the doorway. Go directly forward and wait in the first doorway on your left.
at the entrance of the room;
Go up the steps, turn right and wait outside the bathroom door.
Go straight and at the first pillar take a left. Go into the hallway and stop just before the bathroom.
Turn around and walk out of the bedroom and into the doorway on the left. Walk straight towards the stairwell. Wait in front of the doorway on the left that is past the stairs.
The computer is in a study.
Walk out of the room past the glass shelf and turn left. Turn left and walk into the bathroom. Stop by the wicker basket.
Walk forward passing the table, and turn slightly right towards the kitchen area at the corner where the watch is visible. Enter the kitchen area, and stop in front of the sink faucet that is visible on the granite counter.
This room is oppposite two oblong paintings across a grey carpet.
Turn right and exit the bathroom. Follow the hallway, turn right and stop outside of the doorframe.
Walk towards dining room table, turn right and walk in between table and mirror on the wall, walk past cheetah bench on your left, turn right before the bookcase and walk through the doorway onto marble floor and stop.
Make left at exit sign, walk down the hall to second office on the left. This office has a  bulletin board full of notices. Stop in front of desk with green chair.
The kitchen is facing the stairs, on the third floor and next to the livingroom and balcony.
Turn right and go straight until you see a room on your right, stop just inside that room.
Go into the living room area.  Stop between the couch and dining table.
After you go up the stairs go right turn right and go into the room that is to the right of the thermostat. Wait by the first bathroom sink.
The picture is hung on the wall facing the sofa.
Go up the stairs and go straight. Take a left into the kitchen at the end of the living room. Stop in the kitchen doorway.
There is a pot of flower, desk and some chairs on the opposite.
Walk into the hallway and towards the stairs. Go down the stairs and stop at the first landing.
Turn around at the start, moving straight down the hallway, keeping the paintings to your right side, keep going straight and wait in front of the door with the copper handle.
step into open doorway.  walk to the far right hand corner of the floor tile design. go right to end of hallway.  make a left into the spa room and wait.
The plant is placed in the hall.
The sofa is in a corridor.
Exit the bathroom area and turn left and stop in the doorway, near the bottom of the stairs.
The kitchen is next to the balcony, next to the dining room and on the third floor.
The refrigerator is near a corridor.
The chair is set on the bright balcony.
Walk past tub. Walk past towels. Walk past bed. Wait in closet.
There is a big glass door to the balcony close to the sofa in the big living room.
across from the bed, next to the door
Turn around and walk all the way through the kitchen past all the bar stools. Stop in the doorway straight ahead.
Continue to the bottom of the stairs and turn left. Continue down the hallway with the windows and doors leading to the outside towards your right. You'll eventually reach two steps leading upwards. Climb those steps and then stop.
Walk out of the bathroom. Turn right at the end of the hall. Walk through the doorway and into the room entrance to the left. Stop in the entrance to the room to the left.
Go up the rest of the stairs and at the top, walk to the doorway on the left.  Stop after stepping into the hallway.
Walk straight to exit the bedroom, and keep walking forward passing the refrigerator on your right. Stop in front of the sink faucet.
Exit the pantry and head right, past the stairs. Continue following the hall to the right, past the outside entry and table. Turn right, before the tree, and wait in the bathroom entry on the left.
Go to the right slightly.  Go between the table and chairs and the windows.  Then stop when you get to the light brown door.  Wait there.
Enter bedroom make a left around bed, then enter closet, and wait.
The picture is set on the left side of the corridor.
below a mirror with double yellow rims; beside two identical sinks and mirrors;opposite a urinal;
Go up the stiars, to the landing up the riest of the stairs, and forward over the rug, stopping at the next set of stairs.
The bathroom is next to the cloakroom and in the master bedroom on the third floor.
facing a white table, next to a chair
Leave the bedroom, and go down the hall. Go up four stairs and stop.
Walk forward into the sitting room. Then turn left and walk into the hallway. Then turn right and walk forward to the first door on the left. Then step through the bedroom doorway and wait.
Locate the blue chairs. Pass by all of the blue chairs. Stop at the second gray sculpture.
walk towards the pool, turn left towards stairs leading up, pass stairs and walk down hallway, turn right at the end and stop when you pass the door.
This area  is  located  on the  corner  of the hall and has somecabinets and light bulbs.
The stool is set under a yellow table and behind a white computer.
Walk clockwise along the long table with the bookshelves to your left.  Stop behind the last chair at the other end of the room.
Exit living area, pass the staircase and turn left and exit through the door. Pass the chairs toward walk way. Wait by first window encountered.
walk past the hot tub and take the path to your right. Go through the open sliding glass door and turn left. Stop in front of the double door entrance to the home theatre.
Bathrobes are in the cloakroom.
The cabinet is behind the door and beside the table.
Turn right and walk past the table area towards the steps. Go to the steps on the left and stop on the bottom step.
Leave the bathroom, and the TV room. Go up three stairs. Stop on the third stair from the bottom.
Turn around and enter the building. Once in turn left and then left again. Enter the bedroom straight ahead. Stop when you are at the foot of the bed in between both beds.
next to a bed, on a table
walk straight along the hallway until you reach the living room.
innermost of the whole room.
Walk straight across the open room with the staircase and through the door straight ahead of you. Stop just inside the next room, just before you step on the red rug.
kind of cramped and dim.
Walk straight past the first two lounge chairs, then turn right. Wait by the steps.
The toaster is placed next to the microwave below the cabinet near the toilet.
on a wooden shell,on the left of a leather sofa and on the right of a blue model.
The sofa is set in the small bedroom.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the corridor when go upstairs and in the end of the corridor.
Navigate around the bed through the door to the left side of the fireplace and stop just past the doorway.
Locate the black chair. Travel to the right of the chair and down the hallway. Enter the door on the left.
Go forward and exit the room, turn left and enter the second door from the left, stop by the door.
Going upstairs keep right until passed the gold vase on the left. At stop of stairs make left hand turn into bedroom and stay left. Walking around the bed enter the bathroom stopping at the sink.
The furnace is in the corner of the study.
The power switch is placed on the wall between the poster and the television.
The mouse is in the 302 office.
next to the white bed and another lamp with the same color and shape, near the window with black curtain
After you leave the dinning area walk towards the hall by the living room. Walk inside the hall and make go to the first room on the left. Next go inside the bathroom and wait.
With the piano on your right walk forward into the living room and take a left into the hall that leads into the kitchen and take a right into the kitchen stopping at the end of the counter closest to you.
Turn right at the black desk and head past the conference room. Walk past the white shelves and stop by the long table.
Walk down the hallway and turn left. Walk forward into the room with the soaking tub. Walk through the room and turn right. Wait just inside the exercise room.
Walk out of the bar area and turn right. Walk past the pool table and turn right. Stop just outside the room.
The sofa is located in the middle of the livingroom.
walk up the stairs, turn right and walk up the rest of the stairs, turn right at the top of the stairs, stop at the base of the next staircase.
Turn around and walk past the bed towards the bathroom. Stop just inside the bathroom.
Walk away from the bedroom and down the hall towards the stairs. Turn right and wait at the door to the other bedroom.
the study room is near a balcony and there is a stair in the corner in study room
Walk to the end of the hall. Turn hard left. Wait in the doorway.
The table is placed in the dining room near the kitchen.
The bottle is set in the small kitchen.
facing the table, in front of the curtain
The box is set on the floor, next to a white bucket, against the wall.
Exit the room and turn right.  Walk straight down the hall and through the doorway at the end of the hall.  You will see a globe on a wood bookshelf in front of you in that room.  Turn to the left, and there will be a doorway to the bathroom.  Enter the bathroom and stop there.
Go inside. Turn right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The stair is near a kitchen.
There is a flower and a metal bottle next to it
The pen is in a median size meeting room with the identifier of 348.
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and third from left
Walk through the dining room and across the hall. Wait at the other end of the kitchen near the exterior door.
Head towards the stove and then turn left and go past the stove with the stove on your right. Stop when there's a corridor to your right leading out of the kitchen.
Walk along the path with the guardrail to your right. At the end of the hall, stop in the doorway of the bedroom on the right.
Turn right and go down the long hallway. Go right at the end of the hallway and stop by the first black chair.
The chair is in a small office that only contains a set of office equipment.
Leave the room and walk into the large room with the mosaic on the floor.  Go into the first room on the left and stop near the foot of the bed.
The glass door is placed opposite big white cabinetclose to desk in big bedroom.
Near the shower is the bathroom.
Stand so the bedroom with the two beds is behind you and walk straight down the hall.  Enter the bathroom at the very end and stop in front of the sink and mirror.
Walk into the room and take a left. Go down the hallway and enter the room at the end of the room. Stop once you step onto the rug in the ballroom.
Turn slightly left and continue going straight until you get to the table and chairs then stop.
The lamp is in the study.
Walk across dining room to sitting area with table. stop at white chair.
The bed is near the door of the bedroom and near a toilet.
Exit the bathroom and then the bedroom, walk along the balcony, at the armoire turn left and stop near the blue chair.
Walk through the garage door and wait outside.
Walk toward the stairs and left into the garage. Turn right and walk into the workout room and stop.
Turn left and walk past the bar. Walk outside and stop just outside the doorway.
The decorations are near a dining room.
Walk down the hallway passed the hanging wall art. Continue down the hallway past the laundry room and stop at the wooden cabinets on the right of the hallway.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Turn right. Wait just inside the bedroom that is ahead.
There is a shower room, toilet and sink in the bathroom.
Walk to exit along glass wall. Turn left and walk straight through door with exit sign above it. Stop next to first desk on right.
Leave the office and take a left. in the bedroom take a left into the kitchenette. Stop in front of the minifridge.
Proceed down the hallway away from the bed, pass two leather chairs on your left, a bathroom on your right and stop.
a changing room with two mirrors on the wall;
Go past the table and then into the second door from the left. Sit down and wait in the white chair that is right by the light blue couch.
Enter the room. Turn left. Go outside. Pass the two black rocking chairs on the left. Go down the steps and wait there.
Enter the room with the desks. Exit through the door to the left. Head forward down the corridor. Stop at the second door to the right that leads outside to the deck.
Leave the room through the door on the right of the TV and walk past the wooden doors.  With the wooden shelves on your left, walk straight toward the piano and stop in front of the keys.
Face the large clock on the wall and proceed to the doorway to the right of the clock Walk through the doorway and down the hallway until you are at the top of a set of stairs. Take two steps down the stairs.
The doll is located in the bedroom.
Enter the house and turn left. Turn right and wait by the white chair.
Turn around and walk up the stairs. Walk outside and wait just right outside the door.
Turn around and walk to the door.  Go out of the doorway, past the stairs and into the bedroom.  Stop just before you get to the bed.
they are installed on the wall which is close to big bedbalcony is on the opposite
walk down hallway, enter room on right.
Walk forward through the kitchen and out of the door. Go outside on the balcony. Stop on the welcome mat once you exit the kitchen.
exit bedroom and turn right walk down hallway, turn right and walk down the stairs, turn left and walk down those stairs, stop on the next landing.
Turn right and continue down the hallway. Descend the stairs and stop.
Turn left. Go forward down the hallway. Follow the hallway around to the right. Continue forward past the three pictures on the left wall. Stop at the first door on the left.
Exit bedroom and walk across hall to bedroom, enter bedroom and turn left, walk to bathroom and enter, wait by window.
Turn right walk across the dining table area room. Turn right and walk towards the blue chair. Turn right again and enter the bathroom.
Turn to the left, and walk alongside the pool.  When you get to the last cabana, turn left, and left again and walk towards the concrete stairs.  Wait at the base of them.
The living room is next to a small living room and in front of a corridor with wood floor.
The door is on the left of a pillar ,on the left side of the desk and opposite to a office heaped with papers.
Walk through the door on the other side of the room and leave the building through the door on the left.  Once outside, turn right and walk until you reach another door on your right and reenter the building.  Stop once you are inside.
The bashroom is between a gym and a bedroom on the second floor.
Exit the room with two white lounging beds. Walk into the next room with the stairs and two wicker chairs next to it. Stop in the doorway, next to the nearest wicker chair.
next to the bed, next to the door
The sink is embedded in a white cabinet, close to a crooked tap in the small hovel.
The picture is in a living room on the second floor.
above a table, in front of a shelf
Walk down the hall, down the first set of stairs, and wait.
Turn right 135 degrees.  Walk forward past the desk.  Keep going past the desk then turn left 90 degrees and walk 10 feet down the hallway.
near a hair drayer, next to another washbasin
Walk forward down the hallway. Wait near the first red sofa on the left.
The stove is next to a beige long sofa, near a transparent oval table and a long black sofa.
Walk past the granite bar on the left and turn left. Continue straight past the staircase and turn left. Continue into the bedroom and wait near the closet doors on the left.
the washroom is near a bedroom and next to a stari.
Go down the hallway and into the first bedroom, stopping just inside the doorway.
With your back to the door, take a dog leg ahead and to the right. Stop when you reach the room with the wooden floor in front of you.
STARTING IN AN OFFICE FACING AN OPEN DOOR LOOKING DOWN A HALLWAY, WALK THOUGH THE DOOR AND DOWN THE HALLWAY UNTIL YOU REACH THE END, TURN TO THE RIGHT AND WALK FORWARD UNTIL YOU REACH THE FIRST DOOR ON THE RIGHT HAND SIDE.
face the French window, right above the switch.
The kitchen is next to the dining room and on the first floor.
Go straight turn left to go up to the top of the staircase.
Exit the alcove and walk past the dining area. Wait in the library next to the piano.
Walk towards the water fountain and then pass through the opening to your right. Turn left and continue to the base of the stairs leading upwards that's ahead of you and to your right.
With the kitchen behind you walk out through the door on your left. Walk to the rug in the middle of the foyer and take a right up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
The office is next to a relax area with sofa in it and connects to a road leading to the tea room and locker room.
Walk straight across the garage and out the door on the other side. Once outside, turn left and follow along the wall and then stop before the pavement changes.
Leave the bathroom, turn left and walk until door to hallway. Turn left into hallway and wait at bottom of stairs.
The chair is on the left side of a black wooden screen, near a table under the ivory sculpture and behind a beige sofa.
The hingee belongs to a washroom.
the kitchen is near a living room and open-balcony.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and through the doorway. Continue straight across the open room and through the doorway. Stop a couple of feet inside the doorway.
Walk down the left side of the table. Stop next to the last chair on the left of the table.
The cabinet is set  at the  corner of  the room and  close to  the wall.
There is a white cabinet placed next to the glass door, and a rectangle table is placed nearby
Walk forward passing the entire sofa set and entering the corridor. Walk forward passing the stairs on your right. Turn left and enter the room, and stop in front of the green squared sofa.
Move to the end of the bed and stand on the blue dot.
Walk out of the closet into the bedroom area. Walk through the bedroom. Walk out through the door on the other side of the bed. Walk into the hallway and turn into the bedroom around the corner with the blue comforter.
Walk straight through the doorway and take a right. Stop in the doorway of the room with a plane on the table.
in the innermost position of the corridor,near the window and in front of the cabinet
Go down to the bottom of the stairs. Turn right and walk down to the bottom of the stairs. Turn left and walk toward the open door. Turn right and go through the open doors and stop in front of the shrub.
The counter is in a food bar.
Go past the tv and go up the steps. Turn left and go into the hallway. Wait there.
Head down hallway, make a left, enter bedroom and wait.
next to the blue bed and another lamp with the same color and shape, near the black wall painting
The modem is in a small living room.
Walk through the living room area past the natural wooden table top. Walk past the armchair and around the fireplace to the right through the open double doors with a plaque above it. Walk around the stairwell and into the hallway. Walk past the rotary phone hanging on the wall. Walk into the open door at the end near the elevator and into a bathroom.
Walk into the bedroom area. Walk through the other door near the armchair. Walk into the hall and through the first open door ahead.
Walk towards the sofa. Turn left and walk across the door. Turn left again and enter the next room. Walk across the office area and turn right. Enter the room to your right. Wait by the sink in the bathroom.
Walk straight with the stairs behind you and enter the office at the end of the hallway. Stop next to the door in the office.
Turn around and make your way through all of the table and chairs until you reach an opening, stand in the middle of four pillars underneath a chandelier.
Exit the bathroom and turn right to exit the bedroom at the door at the opposite corner from the bathroom. Turn left after exiting the bedroom, and continue parallel to the grain on the wooden flooring. Wait at the entrance of the room to your left that you enter via the double doors.
Exit bedroom to hallway, turn right to front door. Exit house to porch, stop at rocking chairs.
Turn left and walk across the piano. Turn left and walk up the steps. Walk towards the door in front of past the shelf. Wait there.
Walk down the hallway and stop at the end, outside of the exercise room.
Walk forward towards the staircases and go up the staircase on the left. Once you have finished climbing up the first set of stairs there will be a short landing area. Wait there do not continue upstairs or go back downstairs on the set of stairs in front of you.
There is another cabinet below. There are some lights shining on the cabinet.
Walk out of the bathroom and left out of the entryway. Walk to the right of the table cloth and stop by the bench.
Exit the bathroom and cross over the to the second door on your right. Stand near the door.
These books are in a big cabinet and is on the left of a big picture and in the middle of the books.
Turn around and exit into the hallway, continue straight down the hallway until you reach some potted flowers at an intersection, take the left path with a lamp, continue forward past a stairwell and wait near the countertop on your right.
Leave the bedroom and go straight down the hallway. Go into the room that is the second door on the left and stop in the doorway.
Exit the room then turn left. Go straight until you pass the couches and then wait in the hallway ahead.
You will start in a closet with pants on your hanging on your left. Start going forward. Go through the doorway and past the exercise machine to your left. Continue past the bathroom with the bathtub on the left and toilet on the right into the doorway with the bed. As soon as you get into the bedroom turn right and head into and office with some tablets and chairs on your left. Make an immediate right into a doorway with a couch right in front of you with two windows and two pictures on the walls.
the garden is near a balcony which is near a study room with a stari
There are decorations on the wall and a large swimming pool in the gymnasium.
Walk towards the end of the long table. Stop before the second to the last chair on the long table.
Exit the bathroom and walk past the television. Exit the bedroom, turn left, then right and go toward the front door. Wait next to the grey rug.
on the handle, above the toilet, next to the picture
Turn right and enter hallway, then turn right again and walk into the next room past the kitchen and stop next to the thermostat.
Walk through the bathroom past the tub and sink area. Walk through the door on the other end and into the bedroom. Turn the corner and walk into the long closet with many shoes and clothes on hangers.
FACING DOWN A HALLWAY WITH A WHITE FRAMED PICTURE TO THE LEFT AND A TABLE IN FRONT OF YOU WALK FORWARD DOWN TO THE END OF THE HALL AND TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT, WALK BETWEEN A GRAY COUCH AND A TABLE THEN TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT TOWARDS THE STAIRCASE, WALK UP THE FIRST FEW STEPS.
There is a woody desk next to the chair and lots of benches in front of it.
The hand door was close to the bathtub and cabinet.
Turn to the left.  GO past the table and chairs.  Continue through the hall way and you'll be in the kitchen/living room.  Go past a little bit of the counter, and a bar stool.  Then stop and wait.
in front of a billboard; beside the glass door;
Go straight down the hallway. Turn right and continue down the hallway. Pass the stairs and then go into the room on the far left. Wait at the entrance.
The kitchen faces the pool directly,and there is a living room and balcony downstairs.
Exit the bedroom and head outside.  Wait on the area rug at the front of the bed.
With the stairs on your left, walk straight down the hallway.  Enter the bedroom at the very end and walk through the sitting area to the left and to the patio left of the fireplace.  Stop when you have passed through the doorway and are outside.
Walk down the hallway, heading away from the door labelled "Master Suite."  Go through the second doorway on your right.  The door will be labelled "Sunset Room."  Stop next to the bed in the Sunset Room.
walk away from leather couch towards giant stone arch, turn left after you walk under arch, up black staircase, stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn left and then turn right after the oddly shaped chair. Wait in the doorway.
The painting is above a brown and black drawer and near a gray and black bed.
Go straight until you get to the leather chair.  Turn right.  Go through a doorway, towards the end of the hall.  Then there will be a wooden and glass doorway, that's where you need to turn left and then wait.
There are some stools, table, sink and cabinet nearby.
The bathroom is between a gym and a bedroom and faces a corridor.
Walk along glass wall to room with wheelchair. Stop between wheel chair and whiteboard.
The loudspeaker box is placed near a reading room and the hall.
With the sink on your left go around the counter and into the main room taking a left in the hallway and walking down the hall going right and stopping at the top of the stairs in the hallway.
Go all the way down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn right, go forward, turn left, go forward through the hallway, turn left, proceed to the bathroom and wait beside the bathtub.
There is a landline phone above it and a cabinet next to it.
Go indoors. Pass the chairs and the stairs on the left. Go into the room on the right. Wait at the entrance.
The vase is near a corridor.
The keyboard is in the number 366 office where there is a map on its wall.
Walk past the glass table and lamp with a white lampshade. Walk diagonally across the open area and turn right into the room containing a table and blue vases. Wait next to the table.
Walk straight across and up the steps and enter the house. Once inside turn right and walk towards the glass windows. Once you reach the kitchen, stop and turn and face the entire kitchen area while still seeing out the glass windows.
next to the glass door,in front of a desk and near a cabinet
Walk all the way straight down the hallway. Turn left at the very first corner where the brown railing is visible on the right. Enter the bedroom door, and stop at the rug placed underneath the bed.
Walk past the ottoman on the left. Walk up stairs. Wait on the step directly above the ottoman on the floor.
The chair is in the bedroom.
Walk forward until you step off of the carpet and onto the wooden floor. While keeping the table to your right, walk forward to the edge of the table. Veer slightly to the right to avoid bumping the table on your left containing the lamp. Walk forward until you pass the edge of the table, turn slightly left. Walk down the hallway keeping the open kitchen door to your right. Walk past the plug-in on the right wall and out of the hallway. Enter the room on your left with the open archway. Walk forward until you reach mid-point of the table on your left. Turning slightly to your right walk onto the round carpet and wait.
Go to the right, and continue down the hall. Go into the sitting room straight ahead. Stop in the doorway.
Walk forward, down The hall. Step onto the section of the floor which goes from wood to tile. Stop here.
It locates at the innermost position below the stairs
The vase is outdoors.
The pillow is set near a tea room and next to the hall.
Leave the dining area, and head to the kitchen. Enter area left of the kitchen which also has a stove. Stop in front of the jar of marshmallows.
Turn around and walk straight passed the chairs until you reach the stairs on your right. Walk up to the top of the stairs and stop.
Turn around and walk behind the table.  Turn to the right and walk by the white shelf and then turn to the left and walk down the middle of the room.  Stop when you come to the coffee table and white couch with the green pillows.  Wait.
Walk past the heater and through the doorway. Go right past the dining room table and chairs. Walk past the pot into the bathroom. Stop just inside the bathroom.
When you leave the bathroom make a left and go into a waiting room. After you are in the room make a left and go through the door going into the hall, wait just inside the door.
Walk past bottom of stairs. Make right on carpet runner. Make left through archway. Wait at open bathroom door.
Walk into the bedroom and go out of the room. In the hall walk past the door on the right and stop in the hall.
Go down the stairs, taking a right and continuing past the kitchen. Enter the first bedroom to your right, stopping in the doorway.
Go straight until you get to the double doors. Turn right and walk past the couches. Turn Right and go into the room. Wait near the entrance.
near a shower cubicle and a closestool;
The sofa is next to another sofa with the same color and shape. There are three throw pillows on the sofa.The sofa is between two lamps.
Go straight past the chair and piano, and then stand behind the couch.  Wait there.
Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn right into the bedroom. Walk past the desk and chair  and turn left into the bathroom. Stop in the bathroom.
Walk and turn left at the first corner. Keep walking straight along until you see a white and red striped chair and a staircase. Turn left and walk up the first three white steps and stop there.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and wait between the doorways by the plants.
Exit the bathroom and cross the hallway into the room opposite the bathroom. Turn right slightly and continue to the top of the stairs.
Pass the stairs on the left and walk straight down the hallway. Walk into the door way to the bedroom and stop by the door.
Go around the bar to exit out the doorway straight ahead. Once out, cross the room towards the stairs. Enter the door to the right of the stairs. Stop once inside the office.
Walk around the bed and past the foot of the bed into the doorway to the right of the white chair.  Enter the bathroom and stop after stepping inside.
Leave the room through the doorway to the right of the big windows.  Go up the stairs and stop at the top near the white end table.
Turn left at the picture on the wall and wait in the doorway of the dining room on the left.
The painting is near a corridor and a laundry.
Exit, and turn right. Walk all the way forward towards the very end room that is in front of you. Enter inside the room, and stop in front of the two small Christmas tree.
Walk down the walkway towards the sitting area. Wait by the window near the sitting area.
Walk all the way down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, turn left. Walk to the rug. Wait there.
in front of the shell,in the middle of the room and in front of a dustbin
Turn around and enter the hallway.  Walk though the hallway and enter dining room. Exit the dining to the door on your right. Enter the large bedroom.
The painting is placed in a big villa
The picture is set in the spacious office.
Go upstairs and take a few steps forward on the floor and stop.
Go forward and turn left at stairs. Go down stairs. At the bottom turn right and go forward 3 steps. Turn left and go towards the door on the right. Stop in front of the door.
Take a right and walk out of the room and keep walking until you reach another doorway. Walk through that doorway and wait in the hall.
walk forward towards the patio with the love seat on your left. walk around the love seat from the rear and into the hallway. with the plant on your right walk into the hallway through the doorway. In the hall take a left, and another left into the empty bedroom. In the bedroom stop just inside the doorway.
Go to the exercise bike. Go to the massage chair. Go to the bathroom door. Go to the sink.
Walk down the hall and through the open door at the end into a kitchen area. Walk through the kitchen past the counter top and into the hall in the corner near the refrigerator. Walk down the hall past the paintings. Walk into the room with a washer and dryer.
The sink is in the toilet beside a bedroom.
Turn to the left and enter the bedroom. Once inside, turn right and walk straight ahead and stop when you enter the bathroom.
Walk straight across the room past the fire place and enter the doors to the right and stop.
Walk down the hall and stop at the end of the hall.
there are curtains close to the glass door, and the glass door is opposite the white bed.
at the corner of this room;
Head up the stairs. Turn left at the top of the stairs. Pass the laundry room. Turn right before reaching the bedroom ahead. Turn into the bathroom through the first doorway on the right. Stop there.
Move forward to the wall adjacent to the doorway.  Turn to face the doorway.  Move through the door way toward the stairs.  Keep moving until you are on the second step of the stairs and then stop.
on the wall,next to the brown shell and between the balcony and the meeting area.
Turn around and pass the basin. Enter the double doors and turn left. Then take your next right and stop.
The bathroom is next to a cloakroom and has a balcony.
Walk to the end of the hall and into the room on the left and stop.
Exit the bathroom into the bedroom. Turn right and walk through the door. Walk forward into the kitchen. Wait there.
Exit the doorway and go to the left and continue down the hallway until you get to the door on your left and enter the room and stop.
The telephone is near a corridor and a storage room.
Go upstairs, down the hall and stop in the first bedroom on the right.
Walk straight down the hallway and past the double doors.  Stop when you enter an open room at the end.
Walk through the sitting room and exit on the right into the lobby. Walk forward toward the round table in the middle. Stop once you reach the decorative tile under the table.
The office is around the corner of a junction of three corridors and on the left of the stairway door.
Turn right out of the hallway, walk through the living room and into the kitchen and dining area. Pass the first counter and wait by the dining chair.
Go straight. Turn right on the third door. Wait near the bed.
Walk past the loveseat and go down he stairs. Take a right and stop next to the unicycle in the corner.
The dustbin is placed next to a small conference room and a big conference room.
facing the table, in the middle of two sofas, on the carpet
There is a small black handicraft put on the cabinet, and the glass door is close to it
The chair is on the right side of the other same chair,on the right of socket and on the left of the window.
Walk down stairs. Walk past crab art. Make right down hallway. Walk past painting of ship. Wait at top of stair landing.
The sofa is close to two yellow chairs, and stand against the wall.
Exit the bathroom and then wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
hung on the wall, above the mirror
Walk past the large wooden sliding door on your right.  Turn right and walk towards the staircase.  Wait at the top of the staircase that would take you downstairs.
Exit the house. Go straight and pass pool. Turn right and stop there right by the end of the pool.
Turn right, go down the hallway.  Go into the dirnng room and past the table and chairs.  Go to the pillar and to the slight right of it.  GO past the chair and into the door on the far left.  Wait right inside of that den's door.
Go around the table near the window and continue on past the ornate clock and go straight until you find the large office.
Exit the laundry room and turn right. Stop inside the office through the double doors on the right.
Exit the kitchen. Walk up stairs. Walk past the closed door on the left. Walk up stairs. Make a hard left on the landing.  Wait at the sliding barn door to the left.
Walk straight and pass the fridge on the left. Turn left and walk straight until you see a fireplace on the right. Wait near the fireplace.
Exit the bathroom, make a hard left and then make another hard left. Walk straight all the way down the hallway until you see a picture portrait of a girl with a basketball. Make a hard right into the bedroom and wait there.
between two long white desks,around a door of a single room and behind a big brown book shelf
Turn to the left and walk on the rug, going past a few chairs and a end table.  When you get to the hallway, you can turn right and then go to where there is a door on the left and on the right.  Stop there.  Wait.
Go down the hall to the right at the top of the stairs. Take a left down the hallway and go straight into the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway.
The living room has a big television and a big sofa.
Walk past the chairs and out of the cellar. Walk up the carpet stairs all the way, and turn left. Continue past the two couches, two chairs and up three of the four steps.
Exit the theater and continue forward taking a slight jog to the right, pass the kitchen on the right, pass the bathroom on the left, then enter the room on the left just past the bathroom.
Walk into the kitchen, then turn right.  Then walk forward into the dining room and stand between the table and the sofa.
The dining table is surrounded by nine brown wooden chairs, in front of a cabinet with three mirrors, and under a white tablecloth.
Step into the bedroom and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom through the door and turn right. Walk through the first doorway on the right and wait just inside the art room.
Head towards the far end of the room. Near the "Host" sign, stop in the alcove by the hammock.
The oven is set in the spacious and bright kitchen.
a recieption of the bath center;
walk forward then turn left the walk forward again then stop at the console table.
Pass  by the round table with the flowers on the left side and go towards the front door. Turn left and go up the circular stairs. When you get to the top go to the right a bit and stop there and wait.
Go straight past the couches. Exit the room using the two double doors on the right. Turn right and wait across the zebra painting on the left wall.
Turn body around 90 degrees. Walk forward towards the narrow path and take the first left into the door, walk towards the toilet and stop just before the sink.
Walk past the two desks and two chairs. Take the hall on the right, past the desks. Stop in the entry of the room on the left with the pool table.
Enter and go straight. Go past the bar and keep going straight. Step off the wood floor onto the stone and stop.
Go passed the red and purple chairs and go to the staircase and stop.
go down hall with living room to right, go through door and stop in study.
Walk into the house and past the oven. Stop in front of the washer and dryer.
exit lobby to the left, turn hard left and enter first door continue straight to bathroom, turn slight left and stop in front of bathroom stalls.
The fan is nearby to the altar and next to a corridor.
There is a toilet and sink in the toilet.
Turn away from the window and walk down the hall towards the staircase on your left.  Continue walking past the staircase, and past the picture on your left.  Stop when you are almost to the end of the set of long, narrow windows on your left, and before you get to the door on your right.
Exit the door and turn left. Pass the dining table and enter the door leading to the kitchen. Stand in front of the very first counter and stop there.
Walk forward out the door. Turn right and go towards the table. Turn right and go towards the cabinet. Turn left and go towards the white chair.
Go through the doorway next to the piano. Then stop in the first doorway to the bedroom with a white rug under the bed with a blue comforter on it.
After exiting the bathroom, go through the arched opening on your extreme right. Go forward past the fireplace on your right, through the doors straight ahead. After exiting the building, take a couple of steps to the left and wait.
Turn around and walk forward. Turn right to go down the aisle between the seats. Once you reach the other end, turn left and stop at the end of the seat against the wall.
The carpet is placed near the gate and next to the front desk.
With your back towards the sliding glass doors, walk behind the white couch and exit the room. Continue to the base of the stairs leading upwards and climb them. After climbing four steps and reaching the top, turn left and climb five more steps. Enter the room that's ahead of you and just past the foot of a longer flight of stairs.
With the stairs towards your back, turn right and go through the doorway. Once through the doorway, turn left and enter the bedroom. Continue across the bedroom, then enter the bathroom whose door you'll see to the left.
Walk out of the door to the bedroom, turn right, walk down the hall, turn right again into the bedroom with the twin beds, turn left, and wait in front of the bathroom.
Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk past the table and chairs and walk right. Stop in front of the end table.
The table is surrounded by six orange chairs and near a big table.
near another painting and some switches
on the carpet, in front of the sofa and a big mirror
Head towards the arched opening that's to the immediate left of the refrigerator. Once there, go right, into the laundry room.
There is a desk and some chairs on the opposite.
Exit the door and turn left.   Walk past mirror, and enter the first door on your right.  Wait by kitchen counter.
Walk up the stairs in front of you all the way to the top. Stop once you enter the kitchen behind the bar stools.
Turn to the right and then to the left.  Walk into the hallway.  Go down the hall towards the stairs.  When you go down about 2 or 3 stairs, wait there.
The table is near a dining room.
on the sofa, among some pillows, under the big picture
Walk around the table on the right side. Go through the door straight ahead. Stop once you walk through the doorway.
Walk straight past the table and chairs and go past the stairs on the left. Wait near the couches on the left.
Facing the stairs go right into the room, and make a left and go straight and take a few steps into the doorway and stop.
Go straight into the room, and go through the door on the left. Turn left, and go into the first door on the left.
Turn around and enter the house. Enter the last door on the right. Once in, turn left and walk past the table and stop behind the couch.
Walk past the refrigerator and turn right.  Walk around the corner and turn right, facing the bathroom.  Walk to the entrance to the bathroom and stop.
Go straight through room the right side. Stop at the second window from the right on the wall straight ahead.
Stay left of the table and walk through the door into the kitchen and go to the marble kitchen counter.
Go straight. Pass the pool table then go right on the last door on the right and wait at the entrance of that room.
Exit the bedroom from the door nearby behind, then turn right and go down the hallway. Enter the set of double doors on the left leading to the bad and open balcony.
The door is near a beige and metal sink and a gray washing machine.
Move into the area where the two hallways meet and then make a left turn. Move down the hallway and enter the second doorway on your left.
Walk past the pool and go indoors. Take a right, and walk past the couch and stop in the doorway in front of the mirror.
The lamp is on the table and to the right of the door.
attalea speciosa near the balcony
close to a shelf, in the corner
There are six chairs around the table. A plant is put on it.
Exit the office, turn right, walk to the end of the hall, turn right, enter the bathroom, wait at the painting.
Exit the room you are in and stand in the middle of the next room.  Stand near the guitar.
Walk past the bottom of the stairs and into the room on the left. Walk into the room at the end of the hall and stop in front of the sink.
Turn around and walk to the other end of the room.
Pass the bear and when you get to the fireplace turn left. Turn right in the hallway and stop after you turn left in first door.
Walk toward the pool and turn right. Walk down the path and into the house. Turn left and stop just inside the doorway.
Walk across bedroom to door left of the bookcase. Walk across bathroom and stop at hardwood floor.
The drawer is inside the bathroom.
Exit the closet and go past the foot of the bed towards the balcony. Stop  in the center of the balcony and admire the view.
Exit the bedroom and walk passed the bathroom and passed the steps. go left at the first door on the left, a bedroom. Stop just inside the bedroom.
Walk towards the kitchen and turn left into the dining room. Continue through the dining area and turn right into the living room. Walk through the living room toward the fireplace and make a slight right into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Walk forward to the padded benches. Turn right and walk between them. Wait near the first pillow on the left, close to the altar.
Walk past the fireplace on the right. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Make a right opposite the drip painting. Exit the bedroom. Enter the open door to the right of the thermostat on the wall. Walk past the white ottoman to the left. Wait on the roof deck.
Go straight out the double doors and out to the patio. Wait there.
Walk left out of the massage room and to the left of the pool. Stop in front of the massage table.
Walk across the room, turn left, turn right, then turn left and wait by the striped rug.
Turn left and walk down the hall past the kitchen.  Stand in the hallway between the dining room and the kitchen.
The table is set in the middle of the balcony.
The hair dryer is in a washroom.
Walk past the tub and to the right. Walk to the left of the pool table and stop in the doorway.
Walk passed the guitars mounted on the wall. Walk into the door ahead with the potted plant at the entrance. Stop in the circular room that has a bed up against the curved ceiling wall.
Exit the stairwell, go up the steps and wait outside.
The toilet is opposite to a brown drawer and near a white sink.
Exit the room, go down the hallway and take a left into room 344.
Walk through the first archway on your left.  Walk straight ahead until you reach a room with a grand piano.  Stop next to the grand piano in front of the table and chairs.
Walk across the hallway until you approach some steps. Walk down one step and wait there.
Exit the bathroom through the doorway to the right. Turn left into the first doorway and enter the bedroom. Walk around the lounge chairs and turn right at the double doors. Wait in the double doorway.
walk forward into the large room. Turn left and walk past the plywood cabinet. Walk straight past the desks. Turn left and stop in front of the hammock.
above a white box;beside a wastebasket.
Walk to the foot of the bed, turn right and walk to hallway turn slight left and stop in hallway facing elevator.
a small space used as a restroom.
The bedroom is next to the stairs and has a woody table in it.
near a massage bed, in front of a sauna room
The gymnasium has a swimming pool and a treadmill.
The sofa is located in a sunny balcony.
Go down the stairs and turn left. Wait near the black table.
Leave through the door on the right of the stove. Take a left and head to the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair from the bottom.
After you leave the bedroom make a left in the hallway and walk to the picture of the beach. When you are at the picture make a right and go into the bedroom. Then go to the bathroom on the right side of the room and wait.
Leave the room and walk straight down the hallway. Stop right in front of the stairs.
The flower is on the table. The chairs are under the table.
Exit the kitchen through the doorway by the black shelves.  Make a right and walk past the dining table.  The table will be on the left as you pass.  Stop next to the painting of sailboats.
Walk past the lounge chairs on the outdoor patio towards the inside of the home. Walk through the open entryway into the home past the lounge chairs.Walk behind the sofa and past the dining table. Turn around the sofa and walk towards the hallway in the corner of the room with the hanging abstract art peice.
Turn around and walk passed the computer desk on your left. Make a slight left and walk towards the center of the room. Stop when you reach the two long tables and wait.
The study connects with the outside via a door and is next to a living room and a bedroom.
The pillows are in a living room.
Walk through the narrow doorway, down the short hallway into the room.  Walk between the two end tables toward the center of the room  Keep walking towards the doorway across the room, between the bed on your right and the dresser on your left.  Walk through that doorway and stop at the entry of the next room.
The glass jar is placed next to two stairs and near a reading room.
Walk past the rocking chairs and into the house. Go through hall and stop in front of the bathroom.
Walk right to the living room. Stop next to the small, round end table on your right.
Walk past the chairs with straw seats to the end of the hall and turn left. Go into the kitchen and turn right. Walk down the hallway, past the glass doors, and turn right into the laundry room. Stop in front of the washer and dryer.
Go through the hallway with the glass doors to the left, make a left, go passed the brown double doors on the left, stop a few feet shy of the rug.
Go straight and then turn to the left, walk between the pillar and the island.  Head towards the living room. Wait in front of the tables by the couch.
Turn right. Go out the door on your left.  Walk through the bedroom and head straight into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
The area has a bed and a table next to the bed.
Turn to the right and wait at the bottom of the stairs next to the picture of Marilyn Monroe.
Turn left and and turn right at the exit sign. Follow the hall to the door on the left and stop.
in the middle of the washstand and the glass wall, under the picture
Go past the stairs, and a guitar and go into the middle doorway.  Stand in the doorway facing an empty room with a door at the other end.
walk past the two white couches, make a left turn and stop near the door to the left.
With the gold and brown bins on your left, walk straight down the hallway.  Stop at the end of the hallway, just after you pass a cabinet on the right.
The desk is near the white sofa and the grey sofa.
next to another smaller crystal glass and stand on the table
There is a swimming pool beside the villa
next to a printer and a box, facing the outside
Walk towards the found table and turn left and go up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the landing in front of a statue of a soldier.
next to another bed with the same color and shape and in front of a black and white wall painting, near the armoire
Walk straight and pass the desk on the right. Go straight past the glass sliding doors. Wait near the bar with the stool/chairs.
Go up the steps and through the hallway to the right. Go through kitchen and down the stairs to the living room. Go to the back left corner.
between a painting and a hand sink
Turn left and go down the hall. Then take a right at the end of the hallway and enter the doorway. Continue straight and then turn right. passed the bed and then stop in front of the shower.
under the pictures, next to a door
Turn left and walk out the wood doors with glass. Once in the hallway turn right and enter hallway. Stop at the first room to your left looking at the storage drawers.
Pass the two vases and then turn right and go into the living room walk all the way past the fireplace then turn left and wait near the white table with white chairs.
Walk out the door and down the hall to the red chair. Turn left at the red chair and go up those stairs.
Walk around the bed and turn right. Go through the door and into the hallway.
Move forward down the hall past the receptionist area with the water cooler. Stop in the first doorway to the right.
Exit the office, go down the hallway and wait on the landing at the base of the steps.
Exit the room then turn left and head straight. Pass the treadmills then stop right before getting to the pool.
The lamp is near two beige sofa and near a big beige desk.
The decorations are in a small bedroom.
The bed is near a small, tall and black table and under a white blanket with royal emblem pattern.
Walk around the house, past the chairs and sofa. Enter the large doorway to the kitchen. Turn left and walk though the kitchen, into the hallway and straight into the bedroom.  Wait inside the doorway of the bedroom, next to the light switches.
Walk out of bathroom and turn right. Go through bedroom into bathroom and wait there.
The fire hydrant is at the end of the corridor.
There is a small desk with books near the cabinet and a glasses door close to it.
Walk outside through the patio area and turn right. Stop near the bottom of the stairs.
Facing the front of the church, walk past the next column.  Continue walking and stop in front of the entrance to the second row of pews from the left column.
The power switch is placed next to the flower and the table facing the stairs.
Take a right and wait in the entrance to the large open room.
the door is to small balconythere are grey curtains hanging close to the glass door close
Go up the stairs. Once at the top of the stairs top on the landing before you reach the window.
The towel hangs above another towel.
Go left and walk straight passed the bar and into the living room. Walk to the corner of the long white couch on your left and stop.
Walk down the tiled sun room area with potted plants along the glass walls. Pass by the candles on the wall and also the library room. Continue down the hall to the open arched entry way at the end.
Leave the closet and bedroom and go into the hallway. In the hall go straight and down the stairs. Turn right at the last door on the right which enters a bathroom. Stop in the bathroom doorway.
Turn around and exit the closet. Then turn left and exit the bathroom.  Then Turn left and exit the bedroom. Stand in the hall.
Walk past the kitchen, through it, into the next room, and turn left at the dining room table.  Stop right by the loveseat.  Wait there.
Walk directly forward down the corridor until you reach the staircase. Turn left. Walk up 3 steps.
Go past the half wall and enter the second bedroom on your right. Wait there at the foot of the bed.
The lamp is located on a small cabinet , in the bedroom.
Turn left to enter the kitchen walking toward the fridge. Turn right to exit kitchen and make immediate left. Stop at first doorway and turn left to enter bathroom.
The sink is set on the opposite side of a white toilet and near a blue and brown drawer.
The area is near the balcony outside,next to a meeting office and behind the restaurant.
Walk through the door and up the stairs. Turn left and stop in the entryway.
the rest room is next to open-balcony and living room.
Go through the double doors to the left of the stairs. Proceed through the door on the left. Wait at the end of the hall.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Make a sharp left turn around the corner into the living room and stop on the red patterned carpet.
Walk all the way straight down the hallway. Turn right on the very first corner of the wall and stop right outside the water filter.
The dustbin is set on the ground near a yellow table surrounded by fours yellow chairs and next to a brown box.
Once you are in the library make a right and go through the door to the room with the glasses. Now make a right to leave the area and wait in the doorway.
The drawer is in a storeroom on the second floor.
Finish going down the stairs then turn slightly right to continue going straight into the room ahead. Turn right and head straight into the bathroom. Wait by the towels on the left.
continue down hallway turn right and enter dining room, turn slight right and walk down 2 steps to living room. stop by chair on right.
Walk into the dining room and turn right.  Walk past the long table and turn left before you reach the smaller round table.  Walk to the open door that has the four glass panes, and stand in the doorway.
The lamp is in front of the reception and opposite to the food bar.
The vase is set in the sunny balcony.
Turn slightly right and walk across the carpeted room. Wait by the third window of four counting left to right,.
Exit the bathroom through the doorway. Enter the bedroom and turn right. Exit through the doorway on the right. Turn left. Go forward and enter the archway on the left leading to the living area. Wait there.
Go straight and straight into the room ahead. Wait near the Xray table.
Go straight down the hall, veer off to the left a little bit.  Enter the first double door on the right and go into the bedroom. Turn left at the bed and nightstand, go a littler further and stop by the wooden cabinet.  Wait there.
Walk forward past the kitchen, then turn right and wait near the window.
The sofa is in front of a brown platform and next to a red leather stool.
Walk out of the bathroom. Turn right. Walk up the steps. Turn left. Turn left again. Stop in front of a wooden door.
against the wall opposite two mirrors.
Go straight ahead and then turn to the right.  Go past a table and chairs set.  And then head towards a leather couch.  Stop there and wait.
The painting is near two black screens and near a black television.
Walk along the hallway and into the theater room. Wait at the back, between the sofa and the recliner.
Walk forward through the open door ahead, turn left 90 degrees.  Take the second open door on the left and move into the bedroom.  Stop in the doorway.
The stool is set on the floor in a corner, near a lamp.
Turn left ninety degrees.  There is a large table in front of you.  Walk towards the table.  Stop before you get to the rug.  Turn thirty degrees to your right.  Walk towards the doorway.  Stop in front of the food warming station.  Turn twenty degrees to your left.  Walk straight until the doorway is on your right.  Turn ninety degrees so that you are facing the open doorway.  Walk through the doorway.  Stop when you are halfway down the hall.  There is a large staircase in front of you.
With the wall containing the fireplace behind you, walk forward with the long table to your left, exiting through the double doors on your right after passing the long table.Stop after moving from the wooden floor to the stone tiles.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk up the stairs and stop under the spiral staircase.
Go straight toward the kitchen. Pass the fridge then pass the stove and the ovens. turn left then turn right into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Walk forward throuhg the sitting room passing the fireplace with the sitting area on your left to exit the room. Out of the room take a right and go  up the marble stairs. Stop on the top of the marble stairs next tot he left pillar.
Walk down the hall past the stairs. Turn right and stop in the bedroom.
Walk along the wall to the left of the tables.  Keep walking until you reach the bar.  Stop directly in front of the bar.
walk forward, pastt the bed, take a right to go outside the room and down the hallway.  Move past the end of the landing and stop.
Walk through the living room and take a left at the stairs. Go up the stairs on the right and enter the kitchen. Stop once you are at the top of the stairs.
Walk forward towards the diagonal tiles. Enter the bedroom to the left of the double glass doors. Stop outside of the closet door on the left.
Exit the laundry room by the door by the sink and make a left.  Walk to to the end of the hall, where you see the painting of a horse on the wall, and make a right to enter the bedroom.  Turn left when you enter the bedroom and walk approach the bed.  The bed will be on your right, and a doorway to the bathroom will be on your left.  Enter the bathroom and stop in front of the shower.
The washroom is inside the bedroom, which is on the left of the stairs, on the second floor and in the central of the corridor.
The tea table is in the living room.
The washroom is inside a bedroom, which is on the second floor, on the left of the stairs and in the central of the corridor.
Turn around and proceed through the kitchen then walk up the stairs.  Wait next to the mirror.
Exit bedroom, make a left, then make a sharp right, head towards office area, and wait.
Turn left toward the patio doors. Take a slight right exiting kitchen area. Wait at the dining table.
Move around the bed and enter the door to the right of the bed, leading to the bathroom.
walk through the office area and through the doorway on the right. Turn left and stand by the base of the stairs on the right.
Turn towards bathroom door. Exit. Go through doorway.
Walk out of the living room past the library. Walk straight towards the dining table and stop on the striped rug behind the first dining chair.
Turn right and walk across the dining room and out the single door to straight ahead. Stop once you walk outside.
Turn right and exit the bedroom with the doorway to the right. Turn right again and walk along the hallway with pictures. Turn right on the first door to your right. Wait by the lamp in the bedroom.
Go down the hall toward the exit signs and turn left at the end. Walk to the end of the next hall and stop between the last two doors on the left, which are marked 5-E and 5-D.
Walk towards the nearest building exit. Go just outside, standing by the grill and small hot tub.
Go into the door to the right of the bookshelf and head straight until the last double door on the left and wait at the entrance of the double door.
Leave the TV room, and enter the office. Leave the office through the door across from the desk. Stop outside of the first door on the right.
Walk out on the patio and then enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom and turn right. Wait in the bathroom.
Head toward the stairs. Pass the stairs and head toward the couches and wait there.
Go inside and turn right.  Walk straight until you get to a white rug near the kitchen area by a square clock.  Turn right when you get to this white carpet and walk outside.  Stop just after stepping off the dark mat outside.
Walk to the left of the long table, toward the living area. Turn into the bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Exit the closet toward the bed. Turn left and go out the door. Turn right and go down the hallway and past the kitchen. Go down the steps and wait near the couch.
the corridor links a living room ,2 bedrooms and a rest room.
Go past the stairs on the right and down the hallway. Continue going down the hallway. Pass the fireplace on the right. Turn right and wait near the sink.
Walk past the couch on the right and turn right into the hallway. Take a sharp left and enter the first, empty room. Wait in the doorway.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and walk to the right of the fireplace. Stop outside of first doorway on the right.
Go down the stairs and take a hard left. Walk through the doors wait behind the large white pillar.
The lamp is on the drawer.The door is next to the drawer
This bar connects with a gymnasium and has a small trashcan.
Walk past the TV and continue toward the bathroom.  Stop before walking through the bathroom door.
Walk rightward around the kitchen and walk through the door. Keep walking straight down some steps and wait just before the door.
Walk out of the laundry room and turn left, walk into the dining room and turn left again and stop past the table.
Go to the black recliner. Go to the phone. Go to the semicircular divider. Go to the aluminum chair.
Walk out of the bathroom, and take a right. Go forward into the dining room and stop once you are inside the dining room.
on the wall of the bathroom , next to the toilet
The chairs are set close to the wall and on a corridor via the altar.
The table is located in the bright and spacious livingroom.
The closetool is in a toilet.
Go next to the window on the right. Go straight through the bathroom into other bedroom. Stay right outside the doorway of the bathroom.
Exit the bedroom, walk down the hallway past the cabinet, wait at the top of the stairs.
The closetool is set near a white sink and under a mirror.
Walk to the left of the desk past the plywood storage bin. Walk past the desk and chairs. Walk down the Stairs to the right. Walk around the easel and stop.
The telephone is near a corridor.
Walk down the hallway parallel to the stairs past the paintings.  Stop at the top of the stairs going down in front of the animal head sculpture on the wall.
there are a bedroom ,a bath room and a room around the corridor
walk out of the pump room to the main hall. Turn slight left to the empty room, turn more left and enter the room. Stop right when you get in it and face the window.
Go to the left and through the doorway, take a left and proceed down the hallway.  Turn right at the panel doorway.  Go into the living room, you'll see a brown "L" shaped couch.  Wait just inside that doorway.
Go towards the windows and then turn right and walk past the table, the fireplace, and to the couch.  You'll turn right and stand behind the couch and wait.
Go out the saloon style doors and through the area with the exercise bike onto the next room.
walk forward then go down the stairs then stop at the orange sofa.
Facing the door furthest from you, walk forward through the doorway, then turn ninety degrees to the left. Continue down the paved corridor until you can enter the dining area to your left through the large opening. Walk past the dining table with the table to your left and stop to the entrance to the room on your right, just past the dining table you just passed.
Follow path past the red art structure.  Head inside the door and have a seat on the chair.
on the table and next to the plaid chair
Walk past the fridge and turn right. Walk toward the wall and turn right. Walk down the short hallway and stop in the doorway.
The light is attached to a fan hanging on the roof.
Walk counter clockwise around the bed and stop in front of the door to the left of the framed picture of a hand.
Walk past the stairs and into the kitchen. Continue forward past the sink and stove. Wait just inside the formal dining room.
Go straight and pass the yellow kitchen then turn left on the first door from the left and wait in that room by the water heater.
Go straight, turn right, walk into the office, turn right, go outside, turn left, walk through the door, turn right, and wait in the empty room.
Walk out of the room and across the room toward the couch. Stop in front of the couch.
The median size mirror is installed on the side wall of the detached bedroom,close to the door and opposite the dressing room.
in the center, near a potted plant
Take a right and walk towards the white couches. Wait next to the first white couch.
Pass the host's desk, continue into the dining area, and stop in front of the ping pong table.
Leave the room and take a right. Go up the stairs. Veer right into the living room. Stop next to the piano keys at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn left past the stairs and go down the hallway. Turn right into the bathroom.
the corridor is near 2 small bedrooms and a living room.
Walk down one flight of stairs and stop on the landing.
next to a table, under a fan
The office is in front of a corridor door and next to the tea room.
Walk around the upstairs hallway along the low wall towards the open doors at the end of the hall. Walk into the open door into the room with two twin beds.
Walk to the top of the stairs. Walk down the steps and turn left. Walk down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit exercise room to kitchen, turn right into hallway and stop at phone on wall.
Walk towards wooden wall and turn right.  Continue forward past the big screen TV.  Wait by dinner table.
Start on the top of the bottom set of stairs, not the top of the stairs, head straight down and towards the room with open door in front of you and the white cabinets, stop when you enter this room.
Exit the room. Turn left and go straight down the hall. Turn left and pass the stairs on the right. Go into the room and wait near the bed.
Leave the bedroom through the door on the left and take a left. Stand in the doorway to the right of the front door that leads to the living room.
next to the doors and the plaid chair
Turn left and walk up the stairs. When you're almost st the stop of the stairs, stop and wait there.
walk away from bedroom and turn right at white cabinets, continue straight through doorway, walk past sinks through another doorway and stop in front of shower.
Head past the white couch and into the hall.  Go through the kitchen and stop by the polka dot chair.
Walk around the desk and towards the the door at the far end of the room. Stop off the rug before you leave the room.
It was in a narrow, clean corridor.
Walk towards the room with the bath. From the bathroom walk towards the room with gym equipment and stop just inside the gym room.
Exit the room and turn left. Enter the doorway with a yellow pot beside it. Stop near the foot of the bed.
walk out of the closet and through the doorway onto the marble floor, turn left and walk through the doorway on your left. Walk until you are standing on the red rug.
Walk towards the closest doorway around the column near you. Continue past the turnstyle gate and approach the sculpture that looks like a tiny building with a cross opening near the roof. Approach the white sign in the placard.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the bedroom. Walk across the hallway and turn left and wait by table next to the kitchen area.
Continue down the staircase, all the way to the bottom, then turn right and go down the hallway through the door opening at the end. After passing through, stop in front of the dishwasher in the kitchenette to your left.
Leave garage by heading to hall on the right. Walk down the hall to the main dining room. Walk past the table towards the door leading to the outside. Stop just before the foyer.
Head through the doorframe in front of you. Turn left and head through the open door you see that isn't the one you just went through. Head straight, around the corner, and hang a slight left past the stairs with the raised bars towards the hallway across the room, between the two pictures. Turn slightly to the right and stop and wait in front of the golden door handle, facing it.
Turn left and go past the bed and fireplace. Go straight into the bathroom. Wait near the towels on the left. Wait there.
on the furnace, next to a picture
The box is placed in the hall.
on the left of a chair, next to a column
Turn left, walk through the bathroom, leave through the doorway, go straight down the hall, and wait in the closet.
Walk past the billiards table to your right. Walk into the room with the Pac-Man game near the doorway. Stand in front of the door next to the side table.
The table is located in the bright livingroom.
The switch is in the bedroom.
Cross to the grey couch and towards the patio door. Stop in the blue armchair.
Walk to the wooden floors and take a left. Walk into the kitchen and wait in front of the refrigerator.
Turn around and go past the couch. Turn right and go up the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk to the far end of the hall. Turn left at the exit sign and wait in the room.
The picture is placed between some boxes and the big closet.
next to the wall, next to the mirror
Walk straight between the couch and the painting on the wall. Go upstairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs near the table.
Turn to the left and walk past the dining room table and the dog.  Go past the stairs and down the hall.  You'll see a big painting on the wall and on the right, there will be a small sitting room.  Stop in front of the mantle clock.
Exit the bathroom. Walk passing the bedroom and turn left to exit the bedroom door. Walk straight and turn right to the corner where a mirror is placed. Stop at the top of the stairs that leads downstairs.
Walk straight before taking a right turn and then after one more step and immediate sharp right turn through the doors and stop in the room with the conference table.
There are two big tables and a wine cabinet on the opposite of the flower.
Turn around and go down the hall, turn to the left and go down the hall, past the kitchen, and then turn to the right.  You'll be by the front door of the house.  Stay there and wait.
Turn around and walk towards the TV. At the TV, turn right and walk down the walkway following the wood railing. Turn into the first doorway on the left and stop.
It connects with a man washroom and a woman washroom.
The sink is under the faucet, on the washstand.
The chair is near a living room.
above the washing machines, hung on the wall
Walk across main workroom, turn left at stone hallway and stop.
Walk to the foot of the bed.  With the foot of the bed to your left, walk straight through the hallway through the middle door.  Stop when you get to the railing.
The living room is in front a corridor and next to a small living room.
Go through the room along the pillars and stop halfway between the last and second to last pillar.
Walk through the room and into the open door near the cabinet. Walk into the room which is a bedroom. Walk through the door on the other side into the bathroom area.
Exit out the door to the left of the bathtub in front of you. Walk across the room and out the door on the right. Once out, stop before you reach the pool table.
Walk past the foot of the bed towards the bathroom, and prior to reaching the hallway leading to the bathroom, make a ninety degree turn to the right and exit the bedroom, walking down the narrow hallway. Continue down the hallway until you reach a nook with two leather chairs and a fireplace. Stop in front of the fireplace.
under a printer, in front of some photos
The lamp is close to the balcony and facing the bedroom.
The toilet is in the bathroom.
Turn around and face open door. Head forward and stop at exit. Turn left. Go forward and follow the wall until you reach the plant. Stop.
Exit the bar area through the glass door. Turn right. Go toward the dining table. Pass the dining table and go toward the large window. Wait by the cream couch.
Turn left and walk down the hallway. Stop at the end of the hall near the doorframe.
Walk straight toward the couches.Pass them then turn right. Walk toward the fridge. When you get to the fridge turn left and into the hallway. Walk all the way down the hallway until you get to a room with couches and tv. Wait near the TV.
It has a switch right up and a switch right above.
The table is set at a corner of the living room, on the second floor.
Go left through the second door by the columns, then enter the next room and turn right, wait by the table.
You need to make a left out of the small hall and go into the bedroom. Now walk to the end of the bed and make a left to go through the entryway. When you are in the entryway turn right and wait just inside the bathroom.
Walk across kitchen passed the table turn left at the recliner into bedroom. Stop at edge of bed.
Walk down the hall away from the bedroom. Stay in the hall on the left and go up two stairs and stop.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the stairs and stop in the doorway on the right.
Walk past the foot of the bed and out of the room.  Turn left walk down the hallway past the stairs.  After passing the stairs, stop in front of the doorway to the bedroom on the right.
Enter the building, walking past the stove on your left, followed by the sink, then the refrigerator and finally, the washing machine and dryer. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom directly ahead.
on the wall,on the right of the clock and over a shell
Hair dryer is in the bedroom.
Walk towards mirror on wall.  Turn right and exit through the door.   Make another right, passing the zebra painting.  Enter the next wooden door, and wait beside the giraffe printed couch.
Go up the stairs to the top level. Then go to the bedroom on the left, and enter the walk in closet.
Turn left and go past the kitchen.  Turn Left at the microwave area.  You will be at the top of the stairs.  Wait right there.
There is a window on the sofa and a black wooden cabinet near the sofa.
face banister to stairs, walk through doorway on your right, turn left down hallway, walk straight through bedroom and stop once you walk into bathroom.
Step forward, turn right, and walk up the stairs.  At the landing, turn right and continue up the second flight of stairs.  At the top of the stairs, walk straight ahead until you get to the dining room table.  Stop in front of the table.
Turn around and walk down the hallway until you see an opening on your right. Enter the door on your right, and stop in the bathroom door ahead of you.
Turn around and walk out of the bedroom. Turn left after you reach the tablet on the wall that is on the left. Turn right into the laundry room and wait in front of the sink.
Exit the bedroom and enter the exercise room. Wait there.
Go straight and enter library. you  look chairs and table and piano.
Wall down the hallway keeping the pictures to your left. Stop next to the fire extinguisher.
The stair is near a living room.
next to the staircase and the big black toy bear
Leave the closet into the bedroom. Take a right and head towards the open door outside. Stand in the open door to outside and stop.
Walk forward with the sink at your back. Go into the bedroom, and take a left into the hallway. In the hallway go straight and go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs nest to the bathroom door.
a big room specially used for washing
Go straight and pass the pink chairs then pass the light blue chairs and turn slightly left. Go into the door that is left of the colorful lamp and wait by the rocking chair with the flowers.
Go up the stairs and turn left at the top.  Go down the hallway and stop when you reach the windows.  Turn right and walk into the room.  Stop a few steps after entering the room.
Exit and immediately turn to the left corner. Walk inside the bedroom and turn right towards the closet, and stop there.
FACING THE SHOWER TURN AROUND AND WALK TO THE END OF THE SHOWER ROOM, FACING A BLACK CABINET TURN RIGHT AND WALK DOWN THE HALL, CONTINUE DOWN THE HALLWAY PAST THE LAUNDRY BASKETS TOWARDS THE OPEN DOOR ON THE RIGHT, TURN RIGHT AND WALK INTO THE ROOM, WALK TO THE TABLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROOM.
Turn left and exit the bathroom. Next, turn right, exit the bedroom and walk up the first flight of stairs. Then, move forward past the table and stop at the entrance to the kitchen by the stools.
walk out of the kitchen and take a let into the foyer. In the foyer stop next to the benches at the breakfast bar.
in front of the table,next to the cabinet and a huge pillar
The kitchen is facing the stairs, next to the balcony and next to the dining room.
there is a carpet put at the front ground, and a small table with three drawers put next to it
Walk past the bar.  Turn to the right and go up the stairs to the landing.  Turn right and continue up the stairs.  Wait when you get the top.
The drawer is placed next to the drawer below the television in the kitchen.
Walk forward into the open area and take a left. Go to the wall way on your far right, to the right of the stairs, and stop before you enter the hall.
Below the mirror is a cabinet, and it face another big cabinet.
Turn around and walk up the stairs and take a right. Take another right at the fireplace and wait on the third step on the stairs.
Go forward, and take a left to go up the stairs. Go up the net set of stairs to the top. Stop at the top of the stairs.
The book is placed near a wall and the gate.
Exit the alcove, and turn left past the piano. Go up the small steps and wait in the entrance to the room on the right.
near the window,surrounded by five chairs and in front of two desks
Exit and turn right, and walk forward passing the entire staircase railing. Walk to the end of the left corner, and enter inside. Enter the bedroom, and stop in front of the bed.
Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Walk past a desk with a chair and go into kitchen area. Wait there.
Go down the steps. Go into the house using the large glass door. Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left and then turn right and wait near the purple flowers on the left.
Leave the bedroom and sitting room and walk into the hallway. Wait near the kitchen, across from the staircase.
Head straight along the window and walk over to the bottom of the stairs in front of you. Once you are at the stairs keep walking past the stairs and down the hallway. Stop once the hallway opens up to a sitting area with a fireplace.
Go down hallway, turn left and left again and take a few steps downstairs, and then stop.
Turn left. Turn right and go into the room. Go straight until you go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
TURN LEFT TO FACE THE CLOSET AND WALK INTO THE CLOSET, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT AND WALK OUT OF THE CLOSET AND INTO THE LAUNDRY ROOM, TURN RIGHT AND WALK INTO THE HALLWAY, TURN LEFT AND WALK INTO THE KITCHEN NEAR THE REFRIGERATOR.
faces a wooden bench;
Exit the room and head strait across the corridor to the room to the room on the far right. Wait near the doorway.
Walk through the entryway and left up the stairs that curve left. Stop at the top of the stairs.
hung on the wall and next to the picture
The flowerpot is placed in the corner of a small living room with wood floor.
The sofa is set in the bright balcony.
The typewriter is set near a toilet and a dining room.
The study has two laptops and two leather chairs.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Go down the hall and wait next to the sliding glass doors.
Walk down the hallway, with the pictures on the right. Stop right after you pass through the open door frame.
Walk towards the exit sign and turn left. Wait at the end of the corridor.
Exit bathroom and turn right. Walk straight past the oven. Go right past the refrigerator and wait.
The newspaper is in a corridor on the second floor.
Walk out the door behind you, towards the oriental rug. Walk past the rug and through the first set of double doors.
Face the fireplace and walk through the door to the left of the fireplace to enter the "Great Room."  Stop when you get through the doors before you get to the first circular dining table.
Leave the closet and go out of the bedroom to the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
inside the glass door, on the wall
There is a sink on the opposite and a wine cabinet on the other side.
The washroom is inside the office, which is next to the stairs and livingroom and on the first floor.
facing a sofa, next to a lamp
Exit the bedroom and stop in the hall right next to the hanging rug.
Walk forward to the kitchen. Walk past the counter and go to the sitting area on the right. Stop at the end of the counter.
Go around the table and left at the green room, stop at the white chair.
The balcony is on the third floor, outside the livingroom and next to the kitchen.
Walk down the hallway towards the white door, passing a painting of a hyena on your right.  When you get to the painting of the zebras, turn left and go through the open white doorway.  Take a few steps down that hallway and stop in the hallways at the opening to the walk-in closet across from the mirror.
Exit the room then turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left and pass by the pool and pass the three lounge chairs then turn right and wait at the double door entrance.
Take a left and then take a right. Walk out of the room. Take a left. Take another left at the table and chairs. Walk past the table and chairs and take a right. Wait next to the couch.
Walk toward the fireplace. Take a right once you enter the room with the fireplace. Exit the building, and go onto the patio. Stop once you pass the doors.
walk out the door into the hall, turn left, walk forward into the dining room.
in the first position of the left side of the room,next to two glass walls
Walk left and enter through the door past the chair on your right.  Take a few steps forward and stop.
Walk out the bathroom.  Make a left through the open door. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk straight down hallway and wait by painting with man clutching his hands.
The loudspeaker box is set between two walls next to a lamp and against another wall.
beside five white bottles;below a long mirror with double golden frames;
Move forward with the glass wall on your right side. Move past the glass wall and then the table with the computer on the left. Turn 45 degrees to the left after passing the table and move forward until you are 3 or 4 feet away from the ping pong table.
Stand with the stairs on your right and walk straight down the hallway into the bedroom at the end.  Walk past the foot of the bed and leave through the door on the right.  Walk into the bathroom on the opposite side of the hallway and stop in front of the sink.
The closet is on a small attic, which is on the second floor.
The table is at the corner of a bedroom on the second floor.
Exit the kitchen into the living room. Go past the couches then turn right after you pass the rug and the stairs turn left and wait by the wooden wardrobe.
Head inside the building, turn left once inside, go to the opening on the left, go through the opening, stop once outside.
The carbinet is in the cloakroom.
Walk into the bedroom. Turn the corner and exit the bedroom through the door leading to the hallway. Walk down the hall and into a large closet area with a round cushioned seat in the middle.
Go through the doorway, past the stairs, towards then past the kitchen counter and out the back doors onto the patio and wait.
go straight towards the front door and make a right the walk straight down past the sofas and recliner and come to a stop right before the bathroom.
Turn until you see the staircase on your left, walk past the staircase. Walk forward until you enter the hallway with the marble tile. Walk forward and wait in the doorway on the far left-hand room were you see the glass shelves.
Exit the bathroom.  Turn right and walk down to the end of the hall.  Then turn left and enter the dining room. Turn right, walk through the dining room and exit out the patio doors. Wait there.
Walk past yellow extension cord. Walk past hanging wires. Walk past console table. Turn left opposite piece of grey carpet. Wait at wall vent.
Walk into the elevator area. Walk out of the elevator and down the hall into the kitchen area. Walk around the kitchen counter tops towards the living room area. Walk up to the backside of the couches near the table lamp.
Turn right and exit the door. Once out turn right and go to the end of the hallway and turn right. Enter the bedroom and stop.
Walk past the dining table  around the kitchen counter island. Walk through the entry into the next dining area with a smaller round table. Walk through the open entry on the other side of the table. Stop in the entryway of the home near the front door.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Enter the room and take a left. In the room turn left and enter the closet through the first door on your right.
Go inside the house and make a quick left into the hallway. Walk all the way down the hallway until you pass through the open door directly at the end of the hallway. Upon entering the room, wait near the kitchen area to your left.
Walk toward the fireplace and past the armchairs to the workbench.  Stop next to the piece of equipment in front of the workbench.
This is a photo of a dog in a living room.
the living room is near a dining room and kitchen and a stair.
Walk into the dining room and take a right. Walk around the tables and go to the door at the end of the room on the right. Stop once you exit the room and are on the patio.
Exit room via double glass doors. Walk across room keeping white columns on the left side. Walk past two leather armchairs. Stop at second set of double doors leading to outside brick patio.
Walk forward, and stop near the couch on the right.
Facing the side of the open staircase, go through the opening on the opposite wall from you and almost all the way to the left.Stop when you reach the four way intersection halfway between the room you just departed and the room ahead.
Opposite to the chair is the hallway.
There is a display in its left.  A calendar is right above it.
Exit through the door. Go past the stairs. Turn left. Stop on the stairs.
Walk forward past the zebra print on your right and turn right into the opening after the jaguar print. Continue past the display on your left and turn left into the bedroom.
Enter the building and go through the main room to the hallway on the left. Turn right and wait in the bathroom on the left.
Exit the room using the door on your left then turn right and go all the way down the hallway until you go into the next room and wait by the bed.
Walk into to the foyer and take a left. Enter the room with the stairs on the right. Veer right down the hall. Enter the dining room which is first on the right. Stop once you step on the rug.
The chair is under the table and to the right of a chair.
Walk all the way forward passing the brown door on your right. Turn right at the end of the corner and stop there.
Walk past the door and turn left. Walk behind the chairs and stop by the glass table and black chairs.
Exit out the door, and turn left. Walk forward and turn left at the very first visible corner. Walk forward, and turn right towards the very first door leading to the conference room. Enter inside the door and stop there.
TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPENING LOOKING AT A LIVING ROOM WITH A LIGHT SWITCH ON THE RIGHT, WALK INTO THE LIVING ROOM AND TURN RIGHT, WALK BEHIND THE COUCH PAST A ROUND TABLE, CONTINUING FORWARD WALK TO THE DINNING TABLE NEAR A BUILT IN BAR SHELF ON THE RIGHT.
Go past the bathroom and through the doorway. Continue on to the stairs. Go up the stairs halfway and stop.
Turn and face the fireplace. Head out of the room to the hallway on your left. Enter the first room on your left with the handicap sign. Stop once you have entered the room.
The vase is placed in the center of a kitchen with wood floor.
Walk to the right of the chair in front of you. Then turn left to exit the room. Stop at the bottom of the steps outside the room facing the elevators.
Walk out of the bathroom across from the tub and stop in front of the double doors.
Walk towards the open door and enter the room with the pool table. Walk through the room with the pool table towards the open door leading to the movie room. Stop just inside the movie room.
Turn around and go to the right. Then enter the hallway and turn right to go passed the stairs and the bench. Stop near the archway on the left.
Go past the bed, the tv, and the desk. Stop at mirror by the entrance door.
It has the main bedroom on one side and the laundry on the other.
Walk down the hallway opposite of the stairs, turn left and walk straight down second hallway, walk past couches and turn at the first door on the right, stop in the doorway.
Go along the right side of the desk, passed the pots, and stop before the glass doors.
The sofa is to the right of the three sofas and to the left of the door.
Walk straight ahead past the bathtub and continue straight along the windows on the purple floor. Once you reach the other side and the lime green furniture, enter the door on the left and stop.
next to a picture, on the left of a fireplace
Turn left and go down the hallway and turn right then go down that hall until you get to a candy cane striped chair. Head up the four steps on the left and then go up two steps on the right and stop there.
Go around the bed to the open doorway. Exit the bedroom and stop at the top of the stairs.
Facing the sink walk forward between the counter on your let and the island counter on your right and take a  eft past the end of the counter into the dining room and walk towards the dining room table stopping next to the second pillar on your right.
the living room is near a dining room,a kitchen and a stair.
Head down the hall and stop in the doorway across the hall from the stairs.
Go passed the bed and through the door to the right of the closet and then stop right next to the door.
Walk into the home and around the sofa to the left. Continue straight, past the bar and sitting area. Wait at the base of the stairs on the right.
Exit the room through the wooden door.  Wait in hallway.
Continue walking straight and arrive at the open door at the end of the room.  Turn left to walk through the door.  Once past the door, stop.  A railing should be directly in front of you.
Step out of the closet and walk left. Walk past the bench and right out of the bedroom. Walk left out of the room and past the glass door. Turn right and stop just inside the doorway.
The paper towel is on the table with a slivery sink, near a gray cabinet and near a induction cooker.
The painting is in a dining room.
There  are two cabinet with the same state, size, colour on its left and a brown desk  opposite to it.
Turn around and go through the bedroom. Turn left by the bed and then turn left to enter the bathroom.
There are two washing machines nearby, Below the sink is a cabinet
Walk up the wooden stairs to the landing with a white vase on it.  Turn right and walk up the stairs into the kitchen. Walk forward until you are in front of the kitchen island with chairs.  Turn right and walk straight until you get to the first chair with three black and white striped pillows on it.  Stop there.
Turn around and walk through the lounge. Leave the room on the left and walk past the table. Wait inside the bathroom doorway.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom.  When you're in the hall turn to the left and walk down that hallway.  When you get to the next place that you can, turn right.  You'll be in a long hallway with big planter things.  Stop by one and wait.
in front of a long lamb and a sofa,in front of the third desk from left to right among those desks put in line
The sink is set in the washroom.
Stand with the stairs to your right and walk straight down the hallway and into the bedroom at the end of the hall.  Stop just before stepping on the blue rug in this bedroom.
The bush is set in the white flowerpot above the white table.
Exit the bathroom. Exit the bedroom. Walk up the steps. Go stand at the bottom of the stairs, next to the art with blue lines.
Turn left in the middle arch. Go straight until you pass two red chairs on the right then turn right and wait near the entrance.
Walk across the bed into the hallway and wait in the middle of the hallway.
hung on the door, next to the towel
Go down the stairs. Turn right and walk straight until you get to two doors. Turn right on the right door and wait near the chair in the bathroom.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Turn right when you get to the counter and wait in the entryway of the dining room.
The painting is near a bedroom.
Leave the office, and enter the hallway. Enter the bathroom through the second door on the left. Stop in front of the sink.
Locate the two open doors that lead into a hallway with hardwood floors. Walk into the room and go through the door on the other side to the left of the two mental elevators.  Walk through that door into the pool area, walk halfway down the length of the first lounge bed and stop there.
Walk towards the counter with the three bar chairs, and keep walking straight past them. Then walk directly through the doorway, and stop immediatly after passing it.
The mirror is on the wall and above the pool.
Walk out of the bathroom and take a left. Wait in front of the fireplace on the left.
Walk down the stairs on the right of the chairs. Stop next to the Goodfellas poster.
Walk across the room to the area under the balcony with all the doors. Enter the first door on the right. Stop once inside the bedroom.
Enter the building.  Walk next to the bar and the wall with the television hanging on it.  The bar and the television will be on your left as you walk.  Take the first door on your left and stop in front of the bathroom door.
Go straight past the bear toward the fireplace When you get to the fireplace turn right. When you pass the stairs wait there near the elevator.
Walk upstairs. Walk past bench. Walk upstairs. Wait at threshold to open door on right.
The table is on the blue carpet with pink flowers and golden border, near the blue sofa and near a tiger skin rug.
Leaving the closet and going towards the bed take a right to go around the bed and past the lounge on your left go out of the room into the hallway and stop just outside of the room in the doorway to the hallway.
against the wall on the left side of the door.
The phone is on the table settled in a warm child-bedroom.
Go straight past the brown chairs, pass the grand piano, pass the first and second column and wait there.
Go straight past the lounge chairs and after you pass the pool. Wait near the lounge couches with lights in them.
Paintings are on the bed, next to the lamp.
Exit door, and walk into bedroom.  Next walk to the glass door, and go outside.  Wait here.
Go into the next room with the lit chandelier. Go to the top of the staircase in that room.
Exit the room. Turn left. Go past the black bench on the left. Turn right and go past the bar on the right. Go out the double glass doors and wait there.
walk away from the circular desk, down the hallway on the left. Proceed past the water machine and lockers. There will be a long mirror hanging on the right and stop right past the mirror.
Go out the door to your right. Turn right once outside.Go past the couch, turn right. wait in the kitchen.
The cabinet is set near a microwave and next to a big table with a sink.
Turn around and walk down the hall, past the weird prayer thing. Turn left at the wall, then right at the next wall. Enter the bedroom, and stop.
Walk straight for a moment before taking a hard right and continue through the doorway into the living room and stop near the television.
Walk towards the stairs and then walk to your right and go through the double swinging doors.  Make a left and stand in front of the bedroom.
Walk down the stairs and to the right. Walk into the room and stop in front of the white panel doors.
Leave the bathroom and walk through the office and into the hallway. Walk through the hall and into the living room, and stop once you reach the right edge of the rug.
next to the door, under the picture
Exit the bathroom, pass the tub exit the room using the door on your right. Turn slightly right and pass the pool table. Pass a chair on your right and go into that door on your right. Wait at the entrance of the bathroom.
Walk across dining room to kitchen. Stop between fridge and counter.
Walk past fireplace on the left. Enter room through open door on the left of the cafe table set. Walk past the bed on the left. Wait at the tub.
Head indoors, stop in the bathroom and wait near the vanity.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and wait there near the large white door ahead.
It faces the wall and faces an identical chair.
exit library, go downstairs, stop on stairs.
Turn to your right and head down the hallway to the left of the doors with mirrors. Halfway down the hallway it opnes into a sitting room. Stop right in front of the fireplace.
Climb the two steps behind the couch and continue forward into the kitchen. Once in the kitchen, walk around the central island, keeping it to your left, and exit the kitchen through the opening to the right of the refrigerator. Stop just outside the kitchen with the sliding glass doors leading outside to your left and the door leading towards a bedroom to your right.
there're elevators outside.
Turn around and exit the bathroom and walk into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom exit out the door to the left. Then enter the door to the left and stop.
The painting is near a transparent table surrounded by twelve transparent chairs and a brown table.
Walk out of the room through the left door. Turn right, walk to the first door on the left. Stop inside of the room next to the door.
Turn right and walk out of the room. Take a left and then take another left. Wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the right.
You should leave the area with the desk and turn right to get to the sitting room. Once you enter the room make a right and go around the couch, then make a right to go through the doorway. Now make a right go to the end of hall and make a left so you can wait at the stairs.
Go straight down the hallway until you get to a double door. Stop near there.
below two brown taps; against a blue wall;
Turn right and walk through the living area past the table covered in a white cloth.  Walk towards the long black bench.. Turn right and stand in front of the brown rug.
Walk around the bed and stop in the doorway near the painting.
Walk out of the closet and turn left. Stop in the entryway.
Exit the bedroom and turn left, pass through the loft and into the hallway.  Enter the room on the right and wait in the doorway.
The poster is next to the power switch and the door.
This area has lots of benches on each side of the corridor .
Walk out through the open doors into the hallway. Walk up the stairwell ahead to the top. Walk through the open door at the top of the stairs straight closest the top of the stairs with the washing machines inside.
Walk in the direction of the refrigerator, and take a right past the stove. Walk across the hall into the bathroom. Stop in front of the credenza.
The sofa is near a rest room.
The shutter is near a bedroom.
Walk across the bedroom to the other side. One the other side, turn right and exit the room into the hallway. Walk forward until the railing stops and then turn right and stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk outside the door, and turn right. Walk all the way forward towards the end room on your left. Enter inside the room, and stop near the staircase.
Walk down hall to dining room, continue to living room stop behind leather couch.
Walk past the staircase and to the left. Walk into the kitchen and turn left. Stop in front of the table and chairs.
The sofa is settled in a small living facing a big living room on the first floor.
Walk up the stairs, when you get to the top walk to the carpet before the table.
With the glass windows and doors showing the outside to your left, move forward on the wooden flooring until the kitchen island is to your left. Turn right and go to the top of the stairs that lead downwards.
The stool is placed near a big conference room and a tea room.
Turn around and walk across the living room, past the chair and the lamp. Take a right when you reach the hallway, enter the first door on your right, and stop.
Head straight, stopping at the dresser and take a left turn, stopping near the door.
Head straight inside the house. Make a left and another left to stop at the kitchen.
Exit the toilet room. Go toward the bathtub. Turn right. Exit the bathroom. Go straight ahead toward the double doors. Go through the double doors toward the couch. Stop there.
exit room make a left, then a right. go down hallway, wait in front of the first office.
The sink is in the tea room.
beside an oblate wooden box;on a wooden cabinet;
Walk straight past the long table towards the stairs.  Go up one set of stairs.  Wait by window.
Head straight into the house using the double doors ahead. Continue straight until you get near the brown couch on your right then stop.
Walk straight down the wall.  At the entry way, turn left.  Walk to the bathroom and wait inside the bathroom door.
Go straight through the hallway and between the couch and stairs. Go passed the chairs and stop once you reach the entryway to the outside.
Turn right and go around the office table. Exit the door labelled 01. Turn left and stop.
Go through the door and passed the bed and tv. Enter the hallway and go straight turn right and stop next to the circle rug.
Exit the bedroom and walk down the hall. Wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall on the right.
Leave the bathroom and the bedroom.Take a left in the hallway, and enter the living room area on your left. Stop next tot he large leather chair.
Walk straight, then make a left turn and down the stairs, head right and then another right down until you reach the end of the stairs.
Facing the two baskets on the floor turn right.  Walk straight down the hallway following the gray tile on the floor. Stop when the gray tile turns right.
Walk to the mirror on the side of the wall, near the door. Enter the bathroom.
Exit the room by walking straight then continue going straight until you can't go anymore turn right and walk straight until you get to a door. Turn right and head all the way down into the room. Wait at the entrance.
The table is set in a big and bright living room.
The power switch is beside the stairs.
Exit the bedroom, turn right and head down the hallway, stop in the doorframe of the sliding door.
Turn right and go straight near board our target.
Walk across the room, and stop right on the other side of the door.
Turn so the bathroom is on your left and the staircase is on your right. Walk straight past the next room on your left and stop once you pass the first room on your left.
Exit the room then turn left and head down the hallway until you pass two brown chairs on the left then turn left and wait there.
The vase is near a corridor on the second floor.
Go into the large room towards the copy macine, and wiat there.
The area has a tall shelf with some photos and there are two doors.
Walk to the room with the double doors.  Walk up the steps and stop facing the bathtub.
Turn around and walk towards the kitchen. Enter the first door to the right of the kitchen and stop once you enter.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Continue straight across the glass floor into the narrow hallway. Wait in front of the bedroom on the right.
Walk inside through both doorways, pass the table with the white tablecloth and make a left through the immediate doorway, then stop in front of the drinking fountain.
Leave the kitchen and take a right into the hallway. In the hall take the right into the den, then a left into the dining room. In the dining room stop next to the door near the vent in the floor.
Walk straight down the hall and stop at the tan couch.
Walk upstairs, into the kitchen and stop in the archway to the dining room.
The nearest area is the living room.
on the left of the cabinet,in front of the glass wall
Go down a long hall with a rug and pictures on either side. Go right into a bedroom and keep going to the bathroom door. Wait there.
Walk across sitting room taking exit on the right. Walk to large room with table in the middle. Stop next to the table.
The mirror is near a porch.
Exit the room. Go straight into the room and turn right. Go into the door in the center and wait in the hallway.
Go down the walkway, take a left and enter the bedroom. Take a right and continue until you get outside, stopping in the doorway.
Go to the let of the table and into the door on your left. Go up the steps and wait next to the red pig sculpture.
The painting is near a corridor and a bedroom.
The cabinet is placed near a stairs and a big conference.
The corridor is on the second floor, has some rooms and two stairs.
The box is set in the livingroom.
Goright  pass the checkered table with a lamp, go left into the bedroom, around the bed, and stop just in the doorway of the bathroom.
Leave the dining room and walk through the living room. Exit the house onto the patio. Take a left onto the walkway through the rocks. Stop in the middle of the walkway.
The hand sink is settled in the corner of a bashroom.
Go through the doorway on the right of the bedroom. Go into the hallway and turn right and stop in the bathroom near the sink.
Walk towards the windows and go right.  Stop in front of the white flowers near the couch.
As you exit the bathroom, turn right and go through the door, turn right again and continue into the large bathroom. Stop in front of the shower on your left.
Make a slightly left turn and continue down the hallway, go up the three steps and then walk left through the nearest door before stopping once you see the work out equipment.
Exit the office, walk down the corridor and stop on the stairs.
The laundry basket is located in a sauna.
walk away from doorway, past red sculpture on your right, walk past giant chair sculpture on left and stop next to sculpture on right.
Walk into the room on the left. Walk past the table and then walk past the bed. Walk out of the room and wait in the doorway.
The cabinet is located next to a wall.
Walk to the end of the wooden wall. Turn right. Walk to the couch, turn left and go out the door onto the patio.
Go into the bathroom and turn left into the bedroom.  Go around the bed and out into the hall.  Turn left and go into the dark bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk from sitting room to long red rug. Turn left and walk straight to stairs on left. Turn left and walk up steps and stop.
Exit bedroom to hallway, turn left for 3 paces. Turn right and walk toward front door. stop at picture to right.
Turn left and walk down the hallway. Wait just inside the bedroom.
Exit the closet. Turn right. Turn slightly left and go into the hallway. Pass the chair on the right and continue straight into the room. Wait there.
Leave the playroom, In the hallway walk straight into the bathroom across the hall. In the bathroom take a left into the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet.
It faces the pool and there is an identical chair on the left.
Exit the closet and then the bedroom. Stop near the top of the stairs.
Walk down the stairs, turn left, and go toward the living room. Stop near the couches.
Exit the bedroom, turn right into the double doors, take a few steps down the stairs and stop.
Walk through the doorway to the right of the piano past the chandelier and through the doorway into a bedroom on the left. turn left, walk past the foot of the bed and turn left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the bathtub.
Exit the hall through the door on the right. Walk across the hallway past the stairs and wait by the door entrance going to the living room area and kitchen.
Walk forward out of the utility room. Walk forward and into the bedroom straight across from the utility room. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Go straight out through the locker room to the door. Walk into the hall and make a right and another right into the doorway of the room next door.
Exit the room, turn left into the first door on the left, stop beside the sink.
Paintings are in the bedroom.
The small office faces the locker room at a slant and connects to a road leading to the tea room and the sofas.
With the tub on your left go straight into the closet and take a right into the closet and a right out of the closet into the laundry room taking a right out of the laundry room and a left into the kitchen stopping behind the bench on your right.
Pot culture  in living room
Leave the room and take a left. Walk straight and leave the room at the end of the hall. Stop once you are past the doors.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Then stop in the hallway.
Go down the stairs and turn left. Wait in front of the bedroom door.
attalea speciosa in the living room
Enter door. Turn left. Go through door ahead. Stop.
Exit the room though the opening to the right of the fireplace. Continue forward an to the left to pass through the pocket door opening in the opposite corner ahead of you. Stop next to the dining table with twelve chairs around it.
The mirror is set next to a book shelf and near the stairs.
The closetool is set in a toilet on the second floor.
Exit the room and turn left into the bathroom.
Go out the double doors on the left then turn right and go down the hallway all the way down until you get to a room with a rug that has an antelope and stop there.
Exit the closet toward the kitchen and go through the kitchen until you get to the table with chairs. When you pass the table wait there by the beige couches that are facing the fireplace.
Go through the left archway, go straight through the room and into the bathroom archway and stop.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go straight towards the chest of drawers and potted tree. Turn right into the dining room and wait just before you get to the rug.
There is a storage cabinet and a laundry basket in the corner of the sauna.
The flower is beside the pool and mirror.
Leave the laundry room, and enter the kitchen. Take a right before the table. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop once you pass the door.
Go down the stairs and stop in the middle when you reach the point where it joins with another staircase.
Go to the bottom of the stairs and turn left. Go to the left side of the pool table. Go through the doorway across from the pool table. Go to the first pillar in the room.
Exit the room and make a right, make a right through the first doorway and wait near the shelves.
walk forward then turn right, walk again then stop at the small stairs.
Exit the room. Walk straight until you pass all the couches and chairs. After you pass the grand piano on the left turn right. Go out the double doors on the right. Wait there.
There are some pictures in the corridor.
Turn around and walk past the stairs and down the hallway slightly to the left. Keep walking all the way down the hallway until you enter the bedroom on the end and stop once you enter.
Walk across kitchen to living room,  enter hall and turn right. Turn right in bedroom and stop next to TV.
Turn right and walk out the large door on the left. Once out, turn left and walk into the bedroom ahead. Once in stop in front of the wood door on your right.
Turn right and walk towards the mirror. Turn right again and exit the bathroom via the left door. Turn right and walk through the other doorway. Walk across the office and take the hallway to the left. Enter the first room to the right with a painting on the wall.
There is a television and a DVD in the front of the living room.
The bedroom is in the end of the corridor and on the right of the end.
Exit the kitchen, walk through the living room, enter the hallway to the right by the statute, wait at the painting.
Walk past the bed, and exit the bedroom, turn right and stop in the doorway on your right.
Go through the big room passed the table on your left toward the mirror then make a left through the archway and wait mid-archway.
Stand with the dining table behind you and walk into the sitting area of the room in front of you.  Walk through the sitting area and leave through the big doorway to the right of the long mirror.  Take a few steps on the grey tile floor and then stop in the front entrance area.
The living room is next to a corridor with wood floor and next to a small living room.
Head towards the seating area ahead and stop at the corner that is to the front right from the starting position.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom  and take a left. Walk straight and onto the porch and wait there.
The TV is close to the toilet and bedroom.
Walk forward into the kitchen and through the door at the end of the kitchen. Take a left and stop in the doorway to the garage.
Turn around and walk across the hotel room. Exit through the back door. Stop at the second welcome mat.
Exit the room. Turn left. Turn left again and walk past the glass table and chairs. Walk pas the round table and toward the couches. Wait near the couch on the right.
Turn left and then turn right and walk into the house. Wait next to the table with four chairs.
Walk through the room along the counter top past the sink. Walk through the open arched door ahead. Continue forward into the next hallway and walk through the next arch towards the room ahead with a piano.
Walk past the banister rails and desks near the wall. walk down the hallway passing the paintings and around the corner. Walk through the door to the bathroom on the right.
Go up the steps, turn right and continue up the second set of steps. Enter the room on the for right and wait in the doorway.
Walk down the hall with the construction equipment. Take a right at the end of the hall. In teh hall take a left. Stop in the hall before you pass the vent on the left.
in front of a desk,between two same chairs and on the right of a cabinet
Walk straight ahead past the 2 large columns and then turn right. Once you turn right walk forward, turn left and walk up the few steps and stop beside the plant that is under the stairwell.
The trash can is under the washstand and towel
Exit the sauna, exit the waiting room, wait at the top of the stairs.
The washroom is inside the office, which is next to the livingroom and on the first floor.
The power switch is on the wall and under the light.
Exit the room. Walk all the way straight until you get to the kitchen sink.
Walk forward towards the door with the sink at your back. In the hallway take a left and go through the doorway into the dining room. In the dining room take a right and go down the steps into the living room. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn around and walk past the table.  Then go up the stairs.  Stop on the stairs just before the landing.
Turn around and walk up the stairs. Take a left at the top of the stairs. Once you reach the tan/pattern rug take a right and walk in front of the counter in front of the pantry and stop.
Walk straight into the house. Turn left and go past the table and chairs until you get to a fireplace. Go into the room that is to the right of the fireplace.
Walk past the coffee table and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk down the stairs and turn left at the double doors. Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk in front of the sink and stop.
Leave the office and take a left, then a right. Walk straight. Stop outside of the office at the end of the hallway.
Walk past all the table and chairs and toward the fireplace on the right. When you get to the fireplace continue straight into the hallway. Turn right and then turn left into the room that is near the elevator.. Wait there.
Turn towards your right. Walk into the bedroom door at the end of the hallway. Turn to your right and walk into the bathroom. Stop inside the door facing the bathtub and the glass windows.
Enter the room straight ahead and wait next to the table.
The pillow is in a bedroom on the second floor.
Go down the path on the patio, go up the steps, go across the rocks to the first patio chair on the left.
Walk past the stairs and down the hall. Wait in the doorway at the end of the hall.
Exit the bathroom through the door nearest the bathtub. Turn into the first bedroom on the left and stop next to the nearest chair by the fireplace.
The cabinet is the kitchen on the first floor.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the room. Wait there in the hallway.
Walk through the lobby, go down the stairs to the left. Continue down the hallway; take the second left, and then a right. Stop in the bedroom.
under a green plant, on the right side of the dustbin and a sofa
The toy is set on a brown table, before the window and between two photos.
With the curving wall to your left, continue down the walkway and stop at the door leading inside.
Continue walking down the stairs, and walk straight ahead towards the sliding glass door in front of you.  Turn right at the end of the breakfast bar, and walk with the bar stools on your right and the sliding glass door on your left.  Walk up to the kitchen table on your left, and when you are standing next to it, stop there.
Leave the laundry room, and go right. Go down the hallway on the left. Go into the bedroom at the end of the hall on the right. Stop in the doorway.
Walk through the doorway by the black table, and continue straight down the hallway until you reach the kitchen.  Take a hard left, and make your way around the kitchen counter. Stop and wait by the dining table.
Th area is next to the garden and on the first floor.
Walk around the dark wooden table to the right. Continue forward and turn right at the long wooden table. Walk around that table and turn left. Wait near the smaller office desk.
Walk forward with the banister on your right. Follow the hallway right. Stop in the hall outside of the bedroom which is the first door on the right.
Turn to your left and exit the room. Go across the next room and enter the door straight across. Stop once you enter the bathroom door.
The lamp is in a bedroom on the second floor.
Walk through the hallways with spiral trees. Enter through the open arched doorway and immediately turn left. Enter the bedroom and wait at the foot of the bed.
The bedroom is on the second floor and on the left of the corridor when go upstairs.
Exit the bedroom, walk through the doorway to the left of the mirror, enter the bedroom, enter the makeup room to the left of the bed, wait at the radiator.
The chair is set next to a balcony and in front of two small rooms.
a room with wooden floors.
The chair is set in front of a yellow and white table, a red lamp as well as a television and near a gray and black bed.
Go inside. Pass the kitchen and go into the second door from the left. Wait there.
The sofa is in the vast rest area.
The desk is near to two stone statues. Two candles are on the desk.
Walk across the room and into the area with all the doors under the loft. Enter the door on the far right and stop once you reach the bed.
The stool is on the carpet and beside the table.
Head straight towards the pool and turn left. Move passed the pool and turn left again. Move down the hallway passed the exercise equipment and enter the door on your right across from the exercise bike. Move between the two small beds and wait.
Turn around and go right up the stairs and go down the hall.
The stool is in the parlor on the first floor.
on a brown table, next to a photo
The door is set in the kitchen.
Leave the bedroom and take a left out of the sitting room. In the hallway take a left an enter the office. In the office take a right and go through the door into the bedroom, then the bathroom on the left. Stop in front of the cabinet next to the sink.
Go passed the beds and through the door. Go passed the black chair and turn right. Go down the hall and stop in the entryway to the kitchen.
Walk past the couches and then around past the hallway and walk towards the stairs, stopping by the open door.
Turn to your right. Go through the doorway on your left behind the rope. Go down the hallway and stop at the top of the staircase on the left.
Turn around and walk to the end of the ping pong table and turn left. take another left at the end of the table and stop between the two columns.
Continue down the hallway to the wooden doors. Make a right at the doors and go down that hallway until you reach a door on the right.
at the entrance of the room
Walk past the dining room table and enter the left hallway. Then turn left and walk into the office. Wait by the desk.
Enter the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hall way and take a left into the living room. Stop between the gray chaise lounger, and the white chair with ottoman.
Cabinet  in the kitchen
Leave the office and enter the hall. In the hall stop in front of the bathroom door on the right.
there is a bouch of flowers on it and a chair near it
Enter bedroom make a left, then a other left, and enter bedroom and wait.
Walk around the bed and stand on the other side.
Cross through the living room. Ascend the small staircase and stop on the rug to the right.
The kitchen is on the third floor, next to the balcony and next to the dining room.
Walk past the stairs. Turn left at the doorway and step on the first step and stop.
Go through the hall. Turn right after you pass the tub. Stop inside the gym.
Walk to the right of the pool and turn into room with the elevators and stop in the doorway.
The bar counter is located in a bar.
Walk to the stairs.  Turn left.  Wait by the painting in the hallway.
Walk out of the bedroom and down the hallway. Wait next to the entrance to the bathroom on the right.
Walk forward and go left. Go down the hallway, and into the foyer. Stop in front of the main entry door.
Walk to the right walking past the colored recliners to your left.   Take a right turn after the sink to walk up the stairs.  Enter the door above the stairs to enter a bedroom area.  Stop a couple steps in from the doorway.
The lamp is set on a yellow and white table and next to a black television.
the balcony is next to a study room and there is a stair in the corner
Exit the first room through the door nearest to you, turn right, then right again into the room with two long white lounging seats. Go stand inside the room with white/gray marble walls and floors.
Walk up the steps to the first door on the right. Wait inside the bathroom.
Walk right past the television walk past the table and chairs and turn left. Stop by the oil heater.
From the bathroom, exit the bathroom by walking around the left side of the bathtub and turn right at the end of the bathtub. Continue walking to the right end of the pool table and enter the small bathroom in the right corner of the room opposite the stairs leading down.
walk straight out of the bathroom, turn left down the stairs,  walk to the bottom of the stairs and stop.
Go out the door, turn hard left.turn right and go into bedroom.
Turn to the left, walk past the rug, and on through the kitchen.  Turn left and you'll be in an indoor/outdoor kitchen.  Stop just before you get to the stove.  Wait.
the washroom is near a corridor and a stair.
Walk past the pool and through the doorway. Go down the hall on the right and stop in the bedroom on the left.
Turn left and go between pool and potted plant. Stop near the open door.
Walk out of the closet area into the hallway. Turn and walk into the next hall with a wooden floor. Walk towards the staircase nearby and walk down the first few steps.
The chair is settled in the corner of a bedroom on the first floor.
Exit the shower and then the bathroom, and take a step onto the rug near the bookshelf and stop.
on a small table, between a small sofa and the window
Walk up the steps and turn right. Walk through the entryway and into the hallway. Stop in front of the sink.
Turn around and walk of the office. Turn right and walk into the bathroom ahead. Wait in the bathroom.
Walk across living room to hallway into kitchen.
Walk around the foot of the bed and stop once you reach the bathroom.
Go into the bedroom and then into the right path. Take the first left then the first right, into the bathroom.
The cloakroom is in the master bedroom and next to the bathroom.
The towel is hung on the cabinet below the flower in the kitchen.
The drawer is set near a black and brown chair and a brown cabinet and under a small vase.
The lamp is placed in a big bedroom on the second floor.
Walk past the reception desk and left around the hollow squared wall. Walk left past the wicker basket and stop by the painting.
Walk across the bridge and wait to the right on the second step of the stairs.
Exit the bedroom turn right and go down the stairs.  Wait at the end of the stairs by the couch.
Turn to face toilet. Move forward to door. Turn left to exit the bathroom. Walk forward to the bed. Walk past the bed to the door on the right. Stop in the doorway on the right side.
The lamp is settled in the corner of a bedroom on the first floor.
Walk up the stairs and turn left at the crossroads.  Go into the bedroom and go to the foot of the bed before turning left.  Enter the bathroom and stop in front of the sink.
Exit the bathroom and walk down the hallway.  Take the first left into the bedroom.  Wait in front of the bed.
The grey single sofa is placed close to the glass door, which is back facing a white cabinet, front facing the TV.
Walk all the way to top of the stairs. Walk forwards through the room towards the flag. Stop just in front of the flag.
a squared hall behind the front desk;
At the base of the stairs, turn left and walk straight forward into the kitchen and sitting area.  Continue walking straight and stop once you have passed the last bar stool at the kitchen counter.
Walk in between the couches and take a slight right. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk toward the couch and turn right. Walk into the second door on the right and stop just inside the bathroom.
Walk past the chair and cabinets in the hallway and across the tiled marble flooring.  Wait by the double doors.
on the wall of a hallway which leads to a small bathing pool;
Walk through the bedroom past the bed and armchairs. Continue out of the room into the hallway. Walk down the hallway  Passed the study area and wall lamps and paintings on the walls.
The table is under a vase with red roses and on the left side of a red leather chair.
walk straight towards the stairs. Walk past the stairs and enter the door the to the bathroom the first right past the stairs. Stop in the doorway.
Go through the door into a hall down a red carpet.  When you get to another doorway with a striped chair and mirror on either side, stop.
This carpet is put in a sauna.
Walk past the animal carpet and out of the room.  Turn left in the hallway and walk towards the patio.  Stop on the darker wood floor behind the brown chair on the right.
Walk towards the stairs and go up them. Stop on the fourth from the bottom stair.
Walk past the stairs and into the kitchen.  Walk through the kitchen and enter the room on the left that is a dining room.  Stop just before walking on the carpet.
Walk through the living room passed the fire place. Go through the open glass double doors into the room with great room plaque above the door. Walk into the dining room and stop near the closest table ahead.
Turn left and follow the rope. At the end of the rope turn right and follow the rope to the left. Once you enter that room, stop right before the table in the middle.
The sofa is in a wide and clean bedroom.
The bedroom is on the first floor and connects with a study.
The sink is located at a corner of the bathroom.
Walk down the patio stones and passed the circular planter bed. Walk towards potted plants and through the gate towards the next lawn area with a fountain.
The kitchen is on the first floor, next to the dining room and next to the livingroom.
Walk past the fireplace on the left and turn into the room on the left, behind the red chair.  Walk into the bathroom and stop in front of the sink.
At the top of the stairs walk forward towards the circular mirror. At the mirror, turn left and walk down the hall past the picture frames and stairway into the open door. Enter the open door into the bedroom.
Turn around and go to your right. Pass the plants and the diamond window and stop in the entryway.
Turn around and walk to the right side of the room towards the foyer area. Once you enter the foyer area, turn left and head towards the stairs going up. Walk all the way to the top of the stairs and stop.
Go straight down the hall and up the stairs. When you reach the door to the gym, go left into the gym and  stop.
Descend stairs, make a right, walk down hallway, make a right and stop at vanity.
Turn left and walk towards the reception desk.  Go past the desk and down the hallway entering the open glass doors to your right.  Walk into that room and stop just inside.
on the left side of globe and table
There is a table in front of the picture, and there are candies on the table
The bookcase is in a bedroom.
The living room is on the first floor and next to a corridor.
Walk around the front of the bed and to the doorway go through there and wait just inside the hall way.
The flowerpot is in the corner of the the bedroom's balcony.
Rotate slightly to the left. Walk forwards towards the bottom of the staircase. Looks towards the left and walk through the door on the left.Turn right and walk through the door with the mirror and down the hall through the door at the end of the hallway. Walk towards the sink and mirror inside the bathroom area and stop in front of the plant.
on the right side of the stone table, next to the glass door, in front of the glass window
Walk out of the kitchen and turn right. Stop just outside the double doors.
Go straight towards the bed and turn left to exit the room. Then take a sharp left and enter the door.
near the mazarine bed and another lamp with the same color and shape, next to a window with white curtain
Walk forward and leave the kitchen. Take the first right into the dining room. Go straight into the living room across from the dining room. Stop next to the wicker chair.
Walk down hall past kitchen. Turn right at console table. Wait at the open front door.
Exit the bedroom, enter the bathroom, wait at the toilet.
The chatting room is next to the kitchen and a hall.
The kitchen is next to the living room and the dining room.
Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and walk straight down the hallway until you get to the top of the stairs on the left. Wait there.
Walk forward down the hallway, and take  left. Take a right at the round table, and stand in the doorway to the restrooms.
Turn around and follow the hallway around to the right. Pass the stairs and turn hard right. Stop in the family room and wait near the sofa.
next to a corridor inside the women's changing room.
Turn left to walk down the hallway, pass the dining room and turn right at the art niche. Wait in the hallway by the door on the right.
next to a table, in front of a bed
The flowers are near a bedroom.
Turn to the right, and go out the door to the right.  Then you will go to the stairs and go up a few, but not all the way.  Then turn to the right.  You will be in a work out room.  Stop just inside of this room.
Enter the house, and go into the foyer that is the second door on the left. Stop onc eyou enter the foyer.
The book is set close to the wall of the hall.
Turn left and then walk straight ahead through the living room. Stop and wait, once you exit the living room.
Go straight down the hallway, then turn around and enter the left hand door. Stop once you get inside.
Walk down the hallway and turn right.  Head toward the chair.  Turn right and stop in the laundry room doorway.
Turn toward the kitchen, and walk through the doorway to the right of the breakfast bar.  Walk down the hall, passing the bathroom on your right side as you walk.  Walk straight and stop when you get to the piano.
Walk down the stairs and stop beside the portrait and the electrical outlet.
Go through the door in front of you and go right down the stairs. Go down the second set of stairs to your left and stop halfway down the stairs.
Walk forward and make a right towards the chairs. Stay at the center of the huge carpet, and walk forward towards the open door and exit the door. Stand on the tiles outside the door, and stop there.
There are some small plants put in the vases which are on the table , and there are two single chair put next to the table
Walk towards fireplace and turn left, pass a really long table with white table cloth. Turn right in hallway, turn right again into bathroom on the left.
The door is settled near a green painting, on the right side of a brassy switch and on the opposite side to a cabinet.
Leave the room and take a left. Head through the dining room and enter the door on the left. Stop in the doorway.
The chair is in the middle seat of the left side of small office.
Move through the dinning area, passing the large table to the left. Enter the hallway and move to the first door on the left. Enter and move to the grill.
Go down the stairs and stop just before you get to the door on your right.
The bed is in a small bedroom.
proceed straight through the doorway past the wooden shelves, continue down the stairs that are slightly towards the right. Continue straight to the second doorway, face your left, there will be a toilet straight ahead, enter the doorway to the right so you are facing a bed.
next to the nightstand, under the window
The drawer and lamp is on the left side of the bed
Exit the room and walk down the hall, past the zebra painting. Enter the room at the end and stop on the striped rug.
The chair is placed in the front desk.
Walk towards the large black rectangular table, then continue past it into the hallway. Wait near the kitchen.
Go down the hall and wait by the first door on the left.
Finish walking up the stairs. Turn left and walk to the carpet. Turn left again and exit through the door and wait.
The painting is set near a living room and a corridor.
Enter the hallway to the left. Turn and follow the hallway until you reach the room with the stairs. Stop when you enter.
The sink is near a brown cabinet and near an oven.
Leave the bathroom and go straight until you get to the wall, then turn left.  Walk through the room with the animal skin rugs and out onto the patio.  Stop just after stepping onto the patio to the right of the block bench.
The vase is located in the bright livingroom.
The curtain is in a large office owning the number 377.
right above the sink, face the bathtub
Walk out of bedroom and turn right into hallway. Walk down and wait on rug in front of doorway.
between some books,under the plants,in the first row and the second column of the first book shelf to the left of the locker
Walk down the hallway toward the stairs. Walk by the stairs. Pass the first door on the right. Wait there.
The drawer is placed below the oven near the floor in the kitchen.
Go upstairs, and take a left. Go down the walkway. Stop after you pass the banister.
Go straight and then just before you get to the stairs, turn left.  Then walk to the staircase and then go up them.  You'll be in a room with tables and chairs along with a marble bar.  Stop and wait just before the table and chairs.
Walk forward. Turn right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk to the end of the dining room table past the mirror.  Turn left and stop in front of the bookshelves.
This wooden chair is directly below a long white table, to the right of a wooden ladder.
Walk out of the bedroom, into the hallway. Turn right and walk past the thermostat. Take the first hallway to the left past the thermostat. Wait in the hallway next to the entrance to the bathroom.
The chair is set near a big brown cabinet and near a gray and black bed.
The gymnasium connect with two washrooms and massage bedrooms.
Walk forward and slightly right and exit the room. Turn right and walk forward. Turn left and wait in the middle of the hallway.
It has a display on the left, a tap and a sink on the right.
walk in front of couch, turn right and exit through door on left, turn slight right and walk down three stairs and stop.
Turn around walk down the hallway past the open house doors and turn the corner to the left. Walk through the door at the end of the hall and into the bedroom with two large beds. Walk through the room and into the bathroom stopping near the sink.
vase Connect the living room and yard
Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk past the barber chair and turn left. Walk left past the plants and stop by the stairs.
The living room is next to the balcony and in front of the dining room on the second floor.
Walk behind couch to stairs, go up steps. At top of steps turn left and go down hall. Turn right at steps and go up them. Stop at first landing.
Go straight down the walkway and stop at the end, just after the railing.
Walk towards the white ladder and then wait once you get to the rug on the floor.
The stove is beside the table and drawers.
Exit the bathroom and walk straight through the doorway. Turn right and walk down the hallway. Enter the second doorway on the left and wait.
Walk past the altar and stop by the three seats.
Turn left and walk towards the piano. At the piano, turn right and enter the doorway. Walk to the end of the short hallway and then turn right. As soon as you turn right, turn left in the first door and stop.
The masssge bed is put in a small bedroom.
The cup is in the number 361 small office.
Leave the dining room, and go left. Walk forward down the hallway. Enter the bedroom on the left at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway.
Walk past the staircase and make a sharp turn left. Walk up to the second step and stop.
the corridor is near the dining room kitchen and bedroom
Turn around and go to the right. Enter the glass doors and then go forward and go the extreme left and stop right before meeting the tiled area.
The towel is settled in the toilet.
Walk straight down the hall and past the large glass windows. Wait on the large rug in front of the glass doors.
The mirror is near the toilet and bedroom.
Exit the closet and turn left into the bathroom, the turn left into the toilet room and stop.
The cabinet is under the table and to the right of the towel.
Turn left and exit the bedroom  Walk past the stairs and enter the kitchen. wait near the kitchen island.
Walk across the room toward the winding stairs going up. Turn right before the stairs. Go through the double doors and into the living area with a blue sofa. Stop next to the white chair with a blue pot next to it.
Exit the massage room, go straight into the next doorway and then stop.
a quite big room with two identical beds.
Walk out the door straight ahead. Once out turn left and enter the wood door. Walk all the way through the room and enter the last door on the right. Go to the right side of the bathroom past the sinks and stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
The box is put in a study.
The computer is set on a brown and white table and near a tall brown cabinet.
The bedroom is next to a long corridor on the second floor and there is a living room downstairs.
Go forward and go down the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair from the bottom.
next to a door, in front of a sofa
Walk through the door with the bed on your left. Make an immediate right and into the hallway. Walk down the hallway with the windows to your right. Make a left passing the dining table to your left. Make a right and walk towards the large sofa.
Turn around and walk towards the open back double doors. Turn right when you are in front of the back doors (before you go outside) and walk down the two marble steps and into the hallway. Walk forward past the first opening on the right and continue until you reach the area where there are double doors leading outside on your left and an open area with a dining table on the right. Turn into the dining area and stop just as you enter the area and when you are standing at the the head of the table.
Exit the bedroom and walk into the next bedroom in the hall. Go stand in that room's bathroom doorway.
Walk through the doorway next to the sink with an image of a bird on the wall behind the sink. Stop a couple of feet into the room, next to the plant in a glass container on the ground.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left. Turn right and go into the room. Turn left and go into the closet. Wait there.
behind a woody table, in front of a bed
Enter the house and take a left turn to walk along the doors with curtains on your left.  Take a right turn past the table and walk up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs.
The sofa is beside the table and the lamp.
Walk forward into the Walk-In wardrobe. Turn left and walk past the t-shirts on the right. Continue past the shoes on the right and wait next to the Ryan Blair poster on the right.
on the wall, next to the door, among five pictures and forth from left
in front of a mirror, above a drawer
There are two big tables and a wine cabinet on the opposite.
The curtain is in a living room.
Head indoors and pass through the bedroom. Stop near the bathroom entryway.
walk past the medical equipment and draining platform through the door near the wall mirror. Walk into the open room past the tile mosaic on the floor. Walk into the next room that has massage beds with hanging metal bowls above.
Walk around the bed and exit through the door on the left. Turn right and walk past the pool. Wait by the treadmill.
Go out the double door on your left then turn right and turn right again. Wait right in front of the closet entrance.
Turn left and go past the bed. Go straight and exit the glass door on the left. Wait at the balcony.
Turn to your left and exit the kitchen. Walk through the sitting room and stop at the end in front of the door that says residence one.
Go to the right of the table towards the Christmas tree, turn left and go straight and then turn left again around the table and stop near the painting.
Walk through the kitchen toward the stove, enter the patio to the left of the stove, wait at the table.
Walk down the hall away from the stairs. Stop before you enter the room at the end of the hall.
Go upstairs then into the first doorway that you come to, make a left, go along the wall until you get to some stairs, go up the stairs a few steps then stop.
Walk along the hall past the bathroom. Turn the corner into the next room, which is unfinished with a concrete floor. Walk through the room and turn into the open hall in the middle of the room. Pass a small closet and continue through the open door at the end that leads to a carpeted room.
facing the washroom's door, under the mirror
Walk to the left of the bed with red cover and a purple pillow. Turn to the right and down the hall that turns to the left. At the end of hall turn left and enter the bathroom. Walk to the end of the bathroom and turn left toward the shower.
There are several different size sofas put in the living room, and a median mirror is installed on the wall.
enter butler's pantry from dining room and go straight to kitchen.turn right in kitchen and walk between kitchen island and fridge. turn right and stop by light switches on your right.
Exit the bathroom. Make a left, and exit the bedroom. Walk past the built-in desk on the right. Wait at the built-in microwave.
The office is at the end of the corridor and seperated to a six person office by a glass wall.
on the carpet, facing the balcony, behind two tables
Exit kitchen and walk towards the stairs. Go up the first flight of stairs and turn left on the landing. Stop near the sliding door.
From the top of the stairs, head down the walkway, then veer right and go into the bathroom on your left.
Exit the room. Turn right and enter the second room from the right. Wait near the tub.
Walk towards the white wicker chairs. Continue past the white wicker chairs and go through the doorway behind the wicker couch. Turn left inside the doorway. Turn left and enter the kitchen.
in front of a mirror, on the left of a fire place
Exit the bathroom, turn left at the potted plant and wait in the bedroom doorway.
The bottle is in a big living room.
Go up the stairs, and walk to the kitchen. Enter the kitchen. Stop on the left of the stove.
walk towards the faucet sculpture, continue past it on left side and walk to the right of the marble cylinder to the doorway. Walk through the doorway to the right of the long rug, around the foot of the bed, and through the doorway on the left. Stop in front of the towel rack.
The cabinet is near a dining room.
Exit the bedroom and turn right, proceed through the hallway past the stairs. Enter the bathroom through the doorway strait ahead. Continue past the sink and then wait by the bathtub.
Go up the stairway and through the hall with cabinets.  Stop at the entrance to the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom, exit the waiting room, walk up the stairs, wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk through the living room and to the short stairway. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk forward to the area with the doors. Enter the bedroom through the first door on your right. Stop once you have passed the door.
The mirror is set in the washroom.
Take a right through the doorway, and walk down the hall. Stop right before the exit sign, and take a left. Stop between the sink and the lockers.
Go passed the chair and to the left and then turn right and then go to the stairs and stop on the second stair.
Walk up the stairs, and through the doorway on your farthest left. Stop as soon as you pass through the door.
Go through the doorway by the pictures of the New York Yankees player. go into the living and stop by the tan support column.
The plant is opposite to a meeting room and some boothes.
The bedroom has two beds and connects with a gymnasium.
Enter the dining area, and then move forward to the backyard, and wait by the door.
Leave the bathroom and bedroom. In the hall go right and enter the bedroom. Stop once you pass the door.
Walk through the doorway facing the zebra painting. Turn night and walk along the hallway to the living area. Turn left and left again and wait next to the refrigerator on the left.
Walk into the door and straight ahead through the middle of 2 rooms. Walk up the step onto the platform and past the stairs. Exit out the door to the far left of the stairs and stop once you are outside.
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and second from left
Turn right and go out the door on the right. Wait there.
a carpet is put on the front doorand there is another same chair next to it
in a white vase, on a long table
Walk down stairs and turn left and walk toward closet door and stop.
Go to the end of the hallway with three pictures on the right side.
walk towards the two black chairs inside the house. Turn right and enter the room on your left. walk past the sink on your right and through the next doorway towards the brown chair. Stop at the brown chair.
The telephone is on a stool with a lamp next to it
Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Leave the bedroom and make a slight left then wait in the doorway going outside.
Turn left into bedroom. Walk around bed to entrance to toilet and wait.
Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway. In the hall take a right going into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a left and walk to the main door. Go out of the main door which is first on your left. Stop on the welcome mat outside the door.
The chair is opposite to a porch.
Go left and exit the bathroom. Go forward to the left in the room with double window doors and stay in the doorway.
The sofa is on the right of a yellow box and on a carpet.
Go straight and turn right. You can see near pillars and upstairs.
Go through the door on the right facing the window. Walk straight forward and go through the far left hall. Stop once you enter the hall.
walk away from the couch, and turn right down the hallway. Continue straight until you walk through a doorway and stop next to the blue chair.
With the massage table on your right walk forward away from the room and into the room with the pool taking a left and walking along side the pool past the two lounge chairs and take a right into the bar walking straight and stopping at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk away from the stairs through the doorway on the left. Enter the second door across the hall and wait near the locker area doorway.
Turn left and pass the table and chairs. Go into the hallway then turn right. Turn left and go into the closet. Wait there.
The dustbin is set on the ground and next to a tall lamp,near a cabinet.
set on a woody night table and next to a woody bed,  near a blue and green wall painting
Exit the bathroom then turn right then turn right again and wait by the stairs leading up.
The switch is on the wall in a study.
Walk past the pool table, walk to the doorway to the left of the arcade machine, enter the bedroom, walk to the doorway on the left past the jacuzzi, wait at the door.
Move for the open door on the left. Go through the doorway to exit this room and continue forward across the hall. Enter the room, make a slight left and wait near the bed.
Go straight down the hallway.  Past the painting on the wall.  Turn left when you get to a bedroom.  There is a rocking chair and a bed in it.  You'll wait right there in the doorway.
Walk out of the bedroom and walk left down the hall. Walk right past the brick wall. Walk into the second doorway from the left and stop.
there is a laundry across the corridor
Exit the room into the main area. Stop in the doorway straight across from the utility room.
There is a white cabinet under the book and a short desk next to it.
Walk out of the bedroom, turn right, stop before the stairs.
Walk straight down this hall, past the two large urns and right after the large plant you will see the dining room.
The living room is opposite the cabinet
Turn right and walk to the top of the stairs and through the wood doors. Once through, turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk up the small set of steps and stop.
Turn to the right and walk past the bed.  Go past the tv and to the doorway.  You'll walk just to the other side of the bedroom door.  Wait there.
Walk toward the stairs and turn left into the garage. Turn right and walk into the gym. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk out of the home theater and turn left. Walk into the living room and turn left. Turn left and stop just inside the kitchen.
Walk out the door to the left of the white chair.  Once outside, turn left and walk into the room in front of you.  Walk into the bedroom and stop when you get to the bench underneath a painting on the wall.
Exit the room using the middle door on the left. Walk toward the round table straight ahead and wait there.
The cabinet is inside the bathroom.
Exit the bedroom through the double doors and turn left. Walk toward the stairs. Start down the stairs and stop where the stairs break into level ground, next to the colorful flowers.
Exit bathroom to hallway, turn left and follow hall to end, turn right into bedroom, stop at bookcase.
The desk is in a reception room.
Turn right walk out doorway. Turn right walk towards bathroom. Turn right walk past bathroom. Turn left, stop in front of bar stools.
The cabinet is near a black box and under a ceiling lamp with yellow light.
The vase is outside and there is a stone dome.
Walk up the stairs all the way to the top, and walk through the middle doorway. Stop once you are on the rug infront the bed.
under the mirror, next to a white vase
Go all the way down the hallway, stopping at the door to the left leading to the bedroom.
Exit the bathroom. Exit the bedroom and stop, next to the two black chairs.
There are some flowers on the table. There are many chairs under the table.
Walk across sitting room and exit, wait at bottom of stairs.
Go to the end of the hallway and turn right. Wait at the top of the stairs on the left.
faces the huge pillar in the center of the hall.
Exit the bathroom and turn left passing the tub and then two sinks one on each side. Go past four doors on your right and when you get to a room with a bed go out that double door and wait at the top of the stairs.
The drawer is in the corner of a kitchen on the first floor.
The sofa is set in a reading room.
go up steps and turn right, stop at kitchen counter.
Towel are bedrooms on one side and corridors on the other
At the top of the stairs turn right and walk past the framed black and white artwork.  Go through the doorway at the end of the hallway next to the potted plant and enter the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway that leads to the room with the sink.
WALK PAST THE OVEN AND THEN PAST THE STOVE, KEEP WALKING PAST THE SINKS.  STOP WHEN YOU GET TO THE END OF THE KITCHEN COUNTER TOP BUT CAN SE THE BACK OF THE WHITE COUCH.
Walk straight ahead to the other end of the table. At the end, turn right and exit into foyer area. Turn right and walk out the door to go outside. Once outside, turn right and walk out on the balcony and stop.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and up the steps. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Exit the room through the grey doorway on the left, go down the stairs, make a left and go straight, and stop when just in the kitchen area.
Go toward the hallway by the stairs and turn right toward the bedroom.  Turn left and stop in the bathroom by the first sink.
Walk through the hallway then turn left at the last door on your left. Stop near the sit up bench.
Walk to the far end of the hallway and through the door. Wait in front of the bookshelf.
The flower is placed on the table facing the sofa in the living room.
Walk towards the far end of the room and stop by the ping pong table.
The washbasin is settled near a bath and on the left side of a sink.
The sofa is in a reception room.
Enter the large living room. Turn left and go past the grey couch, past the brown couch and to the door on the left. Enter the bathroom and face the window.
Walk past the bed towards the television and take a right to leave he room but take a right instead into the closet and stop in front of the large painting.
This area is located on the corner of the hall.
Walk under the stairs towards the living room. Stop once you pass the closet on the left, next to the kitchen.
Walk up the stairs and through the middle of the room past the desks and chairs. Stop by the ping pong table.
The luggage is in a bedroom.
Go our and turn left and take right. Then go straight. then enter dressing room.
This lamp is in the bedroom.
There is a black wall behind the headboard and a bedside table on each side.
With the desk behind you, walk into the hallway and turn right.  Go up the stairs and past a painting.  Turn right after passing the painting and enter the bathroom.  Stop just after stepping into the bathroom.
Walk out of the garden area and into the other area; keep walking straight until you get to a table that's by the door of the building and some chairs. Wait by the table.
There is a vase and towel next to the tap
Outside the meeting room there is  a corridor leading to the lobby and a stairway door in the corridor.
Leave bathroom. turn slight right, head towards main room and stop there.
in the bathroom
Turn left and walk through the kitchen, then down the hall.  Then enter the living room on your left.
Walk forward and into the ballroom. Stop once you are on the carpet in the ballroom.
Exit the room and walk straight until you get to a chair. Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to two picture frames on the wall. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Exit the bedroom on the right and pass the pool table. Take the next right and then stop on the left by the railing.
The box is placed next to the gate and near the stairs.
near the kitchen, between a big sofa and the bedroom
Walk outside and turn right. Walk past the reclining chairs and into the building. Stop next to the couch.
Walk straight. Pass the washer and dryer the fridge and the kitchen. Go through the black door the leads to the porch and wait there.
The area is on the left side of the number 05 meeting room and behind the restaurant.
Walk down the stairs, when you reach the bottom stop at the christmas tree.
Go down the hallway to the right and through the entryway. Turn left into the bedroom and stop at the foot of the bed.
The door is near a red and brown bed and between two wooden doors.
Leave the bathroom and take a left. Exit the bedroom and go onto the balcony. On the balcony stop once you pass the doorway.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go towards the open door and turn left towards the pool table. Go past the pool table, go through the french doors and wait.
The bedroom has a potted plant and connects with a gymnasium.
Walk past the chair. Walk into the hallway to the right of the bookshelf. Walk down the hallway and to the left. Stop in the doorway.
This area has ranges of wooden benches.
Go around the kitchen island and wait between the tall cabinet and wine fridge.
Turn around and head outside through the door on the left. Walk towards the rocking chairs. Stop when you reach them.
there is a study room the balcony and there is a stair in the study room
The stool is under a lamp and near a big bed.
Walk down the hallway past the fire extinguisher.  Keep going until you get to a door that says "Master Suite" and enter the room behind it.  Stop just after stepping into this room.
Turn left and walk down the hallway.  Continue down the hallway and turn into the first double wood doors on your left. Stop once you enter the office and reach the desk.
Exit the bathroom. Go straight. Turn right when you exit the room. Turn right again into the room next door. Wait near the brown bench on the right.
Walk down the hallway to the right passed the portrait of the christian first supper. Walk passed the couches an stop near the closest granite counter top near the couch area.
a big hall with a big glass sliding door at the entrance;
Walk past the chairs and towards the dog statue, stopping once you're near the large workbench.
The sofa is on the left side of a red sofa, next to a green bed and near a white telephone.
Go straight passed the vases and then turn left into the kitchen. Pass the table and then turn right. Stop right next to the couches.
Walk from living room to the right into the kitchen, turn left and stop behind gray couch.
walk past the table with the screen on your right, continue past more desks, and under the arrow, turn left at the mirror and stop in front of the hammock about the orange carpet.
Enter house from porch, turn slight left and enter hallway, continue straight  and enter sitting room stop by the chairs.
Leave the bathroom and turn right heading into the living room. Walk past the 'zebra" striped chair and into the other bathroom.  Stop by the sink.
Walk past the treadmill and workout bike. Straight ahead on the wall there is a framed image. Turn into the room directly to the right of that image. Stop a couple of feet into that room, next to a screened area.
Pass the white couches and head straight until you get to an old stove on the right and wait there.
Turn left and exit outside the bathroom passing the toilet bowl on your left. Turn left outside the door. Keep walking forward, and stop in front of the small black cushioned chair that has a white towel on its side.
Walk away from the computers towards the exit.  Exit the room through the door on your left.  Turn right.  Walk until you reach two double doors in front of you, then turn left.  Stop in front of the open door on your right that leads to another empty workroom.
Leave the bedroom and step into the hallway. Stop in the hallway outside the doorway.
the stool In the corridor connecting the kitchen to the living room
Leave the bathroom and turn right.  Go up the stairs and walk right around the corner.  Walk past the shelves and go outside.  Stop on the mat in front of the first potted plant.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and then exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and head down the hallway until you get to an arch on the right. Go into the arch and wait near the red couches.
Go through the brown double doors, go to the third door on your left and go into that doorway then stop.
Head to the opening leading to the pool and go around to the right of the pool then exit through the double doors to your right. Stop when the floor changes from tile to wood.
walk down the stairs, continue straight down more stairs, turn right and walk down the rest of the stairs and turn left, walk towards kitchen and stop before you reach the kitchen island and white chair.
The painting is set on the right side of five paintings, near a stair and a brassy switch.
The office is along the corridor leading to the exit and at the corner of a junction of three roads.
Walk down the hallway until you get to a bedroom all the way down the hallway. Wait near the bed.
Enter the building through the sliding glass doors, walk past the bed and turn right into the bathroom. Wait by the doorway.
Turn around and walk down the part of the floor next to the large dark-brown framed mirror. Walk straight out the door and make a right towards the reception desk.
Go towards the nearest stairwell. Go up the stairs, around a couple desks, and end in a short hallway between two stone pillars. You will be facing a large green vase with colorful things sticking out of it.
Go into the doorway that leads to a bed. Go past the bed and through the door.
walk straight away from wall, past blue tanks on your right, through the doorway,turn left immediately and left gain through doorway and stop.
Exit the room, move through the hallway into the office, wait near the leather chair.
Exit laundry room and enter room across hall. Stop between to beds.
Walk through the door way into the hall,Turn left, walk passed the piano on the right and turn right. Stop on the carpet in the dining room.
The chair is set in a reception room on the first floor.
There is the same chair on the left of it, and a sofa is across from the chair.
Turn to the left, walk between the massage tables.  Go out of the door, and straight just a little way and turn right.  You'll see a big bathtub-like thing.  You'll stop right there.
Walk through the living room area passed the chairs. Walk through the open double doors and into the entry room with red carpet. Walk up to the stairwells.
Walk forward and turn right at the very first corner. Keep walking forward passing the granite counter on your right. Enter another area or room, and stop there.
The sink is close to the bathroom and bedroom.
Leave the walk-in closet and stop in front of the door that leads to the room with the toilet in it.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Go down the hall and enter the kitchen through the first door on your left.
The lampis in a small single room.
face the two black couches and walk up the three wood stairs behind them. Turn left and walk through the doorway and up 6 stairs on your right.
Walk out of the room, into the room with the stairs. Walk to the left of the staircase. Walk down the set of steps and stop on the carpet at the bottom of the steps.
This area has some red cabinets and brown desks.
Turn left and go past all the pink chairs on the right then turn right and go straight and then turn slightly left and wait in that left corner by the last pink chair.
Make a left around the banister. Walk down the aisle to the black column. Make a left and walk behind the gray sofa.
The water dispenser is located in a gymnasium.
Walk out of the dining room into the living room. Walk behind the couch by the window. Walk behind the chair into the next room. Walk right past the stairs into the living room. Stop by the ottoman.
Go into the front door, and walk along the left side of the room until you reach a doorway on the right side of the wall. Go into the hallway and walk straight ahead. Stop at the bathroom door.
The luggage is near a living room and a toilet.
Turn around and cross the bed. Then continue down the hall and stop to the right of the brown chairs.
The whiteboard is placed near a lowhiteboardudspeaker box and a book shelf.
Turn around and go down the hallway behind you. Continue down the hallway and stop in front of the ledge with the statue.
Walk into the bedroom and around the foot of the bed. Walk through the door on the other side of the bed and into the hallway. Walk along the banister passed the stairs. Walk into the bedroom with two night stands on either side of the bed near, passing a bathroom.
Go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk straight, passing the dining, and living room. Enter the bathroom on the left at the end of the hall. Stop once you enter the room.
The closestool is placed in the corner of a bashroom.
The tapestry is opposite to a white and green painting and near a brown rectangular photo.
Walk through the doorway directly opposite of the window. Walk straight through the kitchen. After you pass the archway on the opposite end of the kitchen and dining area, turn to the right. Walk towards the exterior door. Wait by the bench.
in the men's changing room;
The stool is placed under a table with green top ,on the right of a yellow stool and near a racket.
Exit the restroom by walking towards the opened door. Once walking closer to the opened door, there will be another opened door to the left. Make a left into the left door, then make a right into a room full of bookcases and a table with two leather chairs.
Go through the one open door in the room that leads to other rooms in the house.  When you exit that doorway, so across the hallway through the open brown wooden door that leads to a room with two large carpets.  Walk through the room, across the first carpet and across to the doors on the other side of the white table.  Open the doors to outside and step just to the other side of the doorway that looks outside to a patio.  Stop there.
Walk down the hallway passed the colorful floor rug and art on the walls. Walk through the first open door on the right into a bathroom area.
the kitchen is near a living room and a open-balcony.
With the washer/dryer on your left, walk forward a few steps before turning left and outside the front door.  Turn left on the porch and walk past the chairs and go down three steps to the next level of the deck.  Stop after taking the last step.
Walk forward out of the bedroom with the bed at your back. In the hallway walk forward through the hall and into the main room. Walk past the living room on your right and take a left up the stairs. Stop on the bottom step.
surrounded by eight rattan and black chairs, under a green bush
Go straight down the hall with the paintings. Continue straight to the door on the right and wait there.
Walk along the low glass wall down the hallway.Continue down the hallway along the glass wall and past the laundry room. Walk through the next open door which leads into a bedroom with an armchair near the foot of the bed.
Go inside then make a left U turn to go into the room at the end of the hallway. Wait at the entrance.
The sofa is near a corridor and a bedroom on the second floor.
Walk straight until you are on the carpet, then turn left and walk all the chairs on your left and two big table son your right.  You will find a staircase. Use the steps on the right side of the staircase.  Go down the stairs.  Once down the stairs, turn to your right and go down that hallway.  You will see another room with a carpet and lights hanging from the ceiling.
Walk through double doors and take a right at the tapestry.  Walk to the end of the hallway and wait by the bathroom door on the left.
walk out of shower towards tub, turn left and exit through the door on the left  turn right and walk out of second door on right walk up stairs and onto carpet and stop.
The stool is in the hall.
The sink is set in the middle of the kitchen.
on the left of the printer,in front of a cream and on the right of the computer
pass in front of couch, turn right after stairs, enter bedroom on far right.
the dining room is near a living room and a balcony.
The lvingroom is next to the dining room, on the third floor and there is a balcony outside.
near a massage bed, in front of a sauna room
The area is in a corner which is next to the dining room.
in front of three screens,on the right side of some documents and under a yellow note
The bedroom is next to the stairs and faces the bathroom.
The chair is on the opposite side of a studio as well as a study.
The guitar is set in the small and bright bedroom.
The drawer is placed next to the suitcase below the books.
There is a treadmill and a spinning bike in this gymnasium.
The bathroom is next to a storeroom on the second floor and has a tiny balcony.
The book is set close to the wall of the hall.
Behind the chair is the window. There is another chair in front of the chair
Exit the bathroom toward the room then turn right and go out the door on your right. Turn left and stop at the top of the stairs on your left.
The lamp is settled in the corner of a bedroom on the first floor.
The box is set near a reading room and the hall.
on the right of a green pencil-box,at the right edge of the desk with a orange magazine on it
The sink is settled in the corner of a bathroom on the second floor.
The picture is above a bench and a light shines it.
The glass is behind a transparent dining-table and beside a picture with white border.
There are several books and a desk lamp directly above it.
beside a switch on the right wall of this room; opposite another small cabinet below an advertising board;
Walk past the chairs and up the stairs. Go down the hall and stop in the bathroom.
is's in a rest room on the first floor
There is a sink and a water-tap above the drawer.
on a black table,next to a black chair,in front of a wall painting,face the carbinet
The chair is near a corridor and a bathroom.
The washroom is inside the bright bedroom, which is on the left of the stairs, in the central of the corridor and on the second floor.
The pillow is near a toilet and a corridor.
This window is at the far right of the entire window, above the fluffy stool.
The picture is on the wall and above a toilet.
set in a dull corner of the room.
the bedroom is near the corridor and a stair.
The toilet is below the picture. The picture is on the wall.
There is a tap installed above the sink , and the a blue towel is hanging close to it.
between two small chairs, in front of a book shelf and near a short desk
Walk up the steps, past the rocking chairs and stop in the doorway into the building.
between two cabinets, next to the coffee maker
The power switch is placed next to the flower and the table facing the stairs.
The towel is located at a corner of the shower room.
Walk past the dining table towards the kitchen.  Stop on the right side of the counter with the three bar stools.
Opposite the tap is the living room
on a table, next to a bed
The kitchen is next to a dining room and a small storeroom.
There is a big TV installed in the living room,and two big pictures are  put on the wall.
The oven in the kitchen on the first floor.
Exit the bathroom, walk down the hall, and start down the stairs. Stop two steps down.
facing a white table, next to a chair
The stool is set in the middle of kitchen.
facing a bed, below a picture
above the dustbin,on the desk,on the right of the posters
Go inside and exit the bedroom. Walk into the hall and pass the large painting. Stop in the bedroom.
hung on the wall, next to the window
The dining room is on the third floor, next to the balcony and kitchen.
The book is set on the corridor.
The bathroom is next to a storeroom and is on the top of a kitchen.
Leave the laundry room and go into the kitchen. Stop next to the counter once you are in the kitchen outside of the laundry room door.
The painting is in a corridor on the second floor.
Turn left and exit the room. Once out, turn left and walk forward and then turn right. Go up the small stairs. Once at the top, turn left and walk forward out the doors leading outside. Stop once you are outside the door.
The lamp is near a bathroom.
next to a big yellow picture, next to the white bed
The sofa is in the living room on the second floor.
There is a round table with a few bottles of wine near the chair and glass doors behind of it.
at the end of the hallway,tightly surrounded by walls on three sides;
Go between the stove and the sink and then turn left by the refrigerator.
on the cabinet, next to the wall
next to the window, next to the stool, next to the table
the washroom is next to a bedroom which is near a corridor
The closetool is near a study.
The office is along the corridor and opposite to a big empty office and is close to the junction of three corridor.
The glasses are in a bedroom.
the lamp is on a long square table and surrounded by 3 chairs
Walk past the bottle of champagne on the the table to the left. Make a right opposite the back of the black leather chair. Walk up stairs. Wait at the arched doorway at the top of the stair landing.
The lampis in a small single room.
It was sandwiched between a desk lamp and a table.
The photo frame is placed in the corridor.
there is a laundry across the corridor
a printer and a box on it, against a wall
The table is in a beadroom with a blue carpet.
Exit the bathroom. Walk straight through the bedroom toward the doorway. Exit the bedroom. Turn right into the first door on your right, then turn right again and stop.
Walk towards the landscape and turn left and continue through a door, Go down the stairs until you are looking at the front door.
The mirror is near a empty room.
There are some stools, table, sink and cabinet nearby.
there is a circle table and several chairs put close to it, the glass door is to the balcony
The sofa is in the lounge.
The livingroom is next to the dining room and next to the kitchen.
It faces the projector and a black desk.
The vase is on a black box and near a beautiful sofa.
Turn around and start to walk down the long pathway of wood floor. Once you are halfway past the bar, turn right and stop at the top of the stairs.
The bookshelf is in a big office.
Turn 90 degrees and walk towards the sink and continue towards the refrigerator. Turn left in front of fridge. Turn right and walk in front of the striped rug. Stop in front of the doorway just before you reach the bookcase.
The office is next to a relax area and connects to a road leading to the tea room and locker room.
The pillows are set on a white and brown bed and underneath two skateboards.
on the table, next to the vase, next to the photo
next to the washroom, on the carpet, facing the picture
The desk is in the living room.
The telescope is on a narrow room.
Go to the right of the picture of the mountain and then down the hallway, go straight down the hallway, go into the first doorway passed the black chairs to the right, take a couple steps in and stop.
Table in the balcony
This bedroom has one massage bed and connects with a gymnasium.
The glass is placed in a big conference room.
The corridor is on the second floor, has some rooms and two stairs.
below a spotlight; against a blue wall.
Walk towards the foot of the bed. Wait at the foot of the bed.
The table is put in a spacious and bright bedroom
on the left side of globe and table
The cabinet is behind the door and close to the corner.
under the big table, in front of the stairs, among four stools and forth from left
The plant is in a corridor.
The bedroom is on the first floor and there is a garden outside.
The chair is set in the bright dining room.
near the window,surrounded by five chairs and in front of two desks
Walk into the house through the middle door, into the living and dining room. Stop once you enter the house.
The curtain is in a large office owning the number 377.
the dining room is near a  living room and a balcony.
The sofa is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
There is a sink and toilet next to the mirror.
The flowers are near a bedroom and a bathroom.
The picture is on a wall under the stairs.
There are some pictures in the corridor.
The power switch is placed on the edge of the wall next to the door.
There are several different size sofas put in the living room and a median size mirror is installed on the wall.
under the desk, in front of the bed
The chair is in a corridor with a stair.
below a light, in front of a mirror
The cabinet is placed high against the ceiling in the kitchen.
There is shower room and a small work place in the big bedroomand a carpet is placed close to the bed.
There are many beautiful pictures put on the side wall of the porch
The sink is in the tea room.
The photo is set in the bright bedroom.
The bush is in the kitchen.
on the middle of the stone table, in front of the glass window
This area has a big table in the center and some boxes on the table.
the kitchen is next to a open-balcony and a living room.
Walk into the office and turn left. Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk down the hall and turn left. Walk into the bathroom and stop.
the crystal glass is in front of a corridor
The chandelier is located in a gymnasium.
Stand so the feather artwork is on your left and walk straight into the room with the purple zigzag walls.  Turn left upon entering the room and turn right in front of the sign that says "SKI".  Walk towards the white chair and stop in front of the door to the bathroom.
The table is placed in the living room facing the stove.
The toilet is opposite to a brown drawer and near a white sink.
This switch is next to a door, directly above a wooden barrel.
The closestool is in a bathroom.
There are some white flowers in the vase and the vase is on the brown cabinet.
The chatting room is next to the kitchen and a hall.
next to a massage bed, near a class cabinet
The closestool is settled in the corner of the toilet.
Turn to the left and walk around the pool table to the stairs. Walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom.
After you leave the office go to the bedroom on the right and across the room to leave. Once you leave the bedroom go to the end of the hall and make a left, walk thru the outside door and wait.
The bottle is near a picture and near a glass bottle and a slaver.
The picture is hung on the wall facing the sofa in the living room.
The table is in the aisle beside the stairs.
The monitor is in the corner of a kitchen with wood floor.
The bowl is placed on a table with white top and under a lamp.
The windows are in the wall in a living room.
Behind the towel is a shower room. Right to the towel is a corridor.
Exit the kitchen, and walk all the way towards the dining table. Turn right at the dining table towards the instrument, and stop there.
a small washroom belongs to a changing room;
The computer is near a toilet and a dining room.
There is the same chair on the left of it, and a sofa is across from the chair.
The coffeemaker is at the edge of a white table,close to a sink.
Walk straight into the bedroom and around the bed. At the end of the bed take a left, and stop in front of the bathroom door.
The table is surrounded by six orange chairs and near a big table.
Exit the screening room, make a right, go straight into the room with the globe and stop.
The stool is set near a bigger conference room and next to the hall.
The sink is to the right of the towel and brush.
Enter the house and walk around the chair to the open door on your right. Walk through the open door just to the left of the stairs. Walk to the end of the hall and turn left. Enter the bedroom and wait by the fireplace.
It has a switch right up and a switch right above.
There's a outlet on its left and a jar behind it.
The tea room is next to the exit and opposite to the resting area.
The washroom is inside the bedroom, which is on the second floor, on the left of the stairs and in the central of the corridor.
next to the TV and above the stove
This cupboard is in the study.
in front of a billboard; beside the glass door;
The study has a long table and the table has two penholders on it.
The drawer is in the center of a kitchen on the first floor.
a bar with a vase on it.
The balcony is on the third floor, next to the dining room and outside the livingroom.
next to the swimming pool; on the left of a squared pillar.
There are  four chairs with the same size and state on its left.There are four chairs with the same size and state opposite to it.
The television is opposite to a brown table and a green sofa and above a beige cabinet.
on the table and next to the bed
The dustbin is in the public stationery area.
tap in the toilet
There is a microwave oven below the cabinet. There is a television next to the cabinet.
on the left of the door.
on the wall, next to the bookshelf, among five pictures and second from left
The painting is in the second row, the first column of the six paintings and above two red and brown chairs.
The cabinet is in the upper right corner of the oven and to the left of the window.
This area connects with a sauna room and has massage beds.
The bush is set in the white flowerpot above the white table.
Vase near the corridor connecting the gym
The bathroom is the one placed in big bedroom which attached with balcony and a small dressing room.
The toilet is near a bedroom and a corridor.
The massage bed is located in a gymnasium.
The bath is near a corridor, on the opposite side of a narrow empty room which has two wooden doors.
The bush is in the living room.
The chair is next to another chair.  The chair is near a table.
The chair is near a study and opposite to a corridor with a wooden stair.
The cabinet is set in a kitchen.
Exit the bathroom. Walk forward and go down the stairs. Stop four steps from the bottom.
The fan is nearby to the altar and next to a corridor.
on the wall, next to the door, among five pictures and forth from left
The area is next to the dining room and the kitchen.
There is a chair below the picture and a door next to the picture.
under the television, next to some photos
next to the big sofa and behind the swimming pool
The chair is settled near a red and brown chair, on the left side of a black bookshelf under a sculpture and two photos.
The study is next to the dining room and bathroom on the second floor.
The desk is next to the door and near the stairs.
they are in a living room on the first floor.
This carpet is put in a sauna.
The closetool is set in a toilet on the second floor.
The area is above the kitchen and below the corridor.
on the right side of the printer, on the desk and a canlendar
the living room is next to a balcony and a stair.
The living room is next to a dining room and leads to outdoors via a door.
This area has two  white desks and lots of red chairs.
Walk forward up stairs. Turn hard left. Walk up the second set of stairs. At top, walk forward towards the fireplace. Stop halfway between the doorway and the black chairs in front of the fireplace.
Leave the bedroom and last door on the left. Stop once you enter the room, before you pass the door.
next to the stairs, on the third floor of the bookshelf
The bed is hung on the wall and next to two green sofa.
The dining room is on the third floor, next to the balcony and kitchen and next to a livingroom.
The chair is in the kitchen on the first floor.
There are some pillows on the bed and two  night table near the bed
The bag is hung behind the door,on the right side of the air-conditioner on the floor and at the corner of the office.
Walk toward the fireplace.  Exit the room and turn left.  Stop in front of the double doors and tall potted plant.
The picture is placed on the wall facing the table.
The cabinet is placed near a stairs and a big conference.
They near some glass bezels.
The area is next to the living room and the kitchen.
Exit the bathroom, make a sharp left into another bathroom, step into the bathroom and wait.
The cabinet is next to a toilet.
The chair is below the painting and close to the wall.
The living room is facing a big and white living room and is next to a long corridor.
The bedroom is on the first floor and next to the kitchen.
Exit bedroom, turn left and stop at double glass doors near stairs.
Turn left and follow the rope. At the end turn left and follow the red carpet to the end. At the end, turn right and stop in front of the white and gold table.
There are some trees outside the living room and a television in the living room.
in front of a long lamb and a sofa,in front of the third desk from left to right among those desks put in line
Walk forward past the console table on the right into the open area. In the open area take a  right into the living room. In the living room take a right, and stop behind the couch near the right corner.
next to the stair and the woody chair
The chair is in the outmost seat of a small office allowing four people to work together.
The picture is set on the left of the corridor.
The balcony is on the third floor, outside the livingroom, next to the kitchen.
The washing machine is in a laundry.
The switch is in a toilet.
on the left of the table, on the carpet, next to the window
The telephone is near a corridor and a storage room.
Climb up the step and go straight forward. Go past the glass table.  Stop right next to the five light switches.
Walk through the kitchen. Stop on the balcony, next to the first couch with black and white cushions.
This area has lots of red  chairs and a red carpet.
in the third position of the left side of the room,under the table,near the foot of a chair
The desk is put at the corner of the bedroom ,which is close to the glass door.
a small room in the bathroom
hung on the wall and below the picture
This area  is  located on the corner of the hall.
The chair is in a living room on the first floor.
The sofa is in the corridor and a rest area.
The tripod is placed next to a wall and near the gate.
The sofa is settled in a small living facing a big living room on the first floor.
The chair is located in a bar.
Go down the stairs. Turn right.  Go past the glass display case and wait in front of the bench on the right.
hung on the door, next to some clothes rack
The bed is near a corridor and a storage room.
The washroom is on the third floor, next to the stairs and facing the dining room.
The sofa is near a wooden desk and near a red sofa.
next to a black table, facing a chair
The area is next to the kitchen and the garden.
The drawer is in a small attic, which is on the second floor.
The area is next to a kitchen and across from a fireplace.
The cabinet is set near a brown and white table under a computer and near several pictures.
in front of another chair, in front of stairs
next to a swimming pool, in the corner
on the carpet, facing the balcony on the right, there is a book and a tortoise on it
under a paper,on the right of a mouse mat,in front of a pen rack
The box is settled in a bright living room.
The picture is in a art studio.
The picture is under another picture in a study.
pot culture next is a glass door and the sofa opposite
The air-conditioner is in the living room.
The power switch is next to the stairs on the first floor.
The bedroom is facing a corridor and is between two bashrooms.
on the cabinet which is on the left of the television, in front of a picture
Take a right and wait by the couch outside of the bedroom.
The lamp is set in the lobby.
Tissue are placed on a metal stand on a marble countertop with a cupboard above
The sofa is located in a sunny balcony.
in front of a woody table with a white chair, next to a window with black curtains.
The table is in a small room that has a number of 307.
Walk forward and enter the house. Veer right and enter the doorway on the left of the bookcase. Stop in the doorway.
next to the mirror and washstand
The sofa is located in a spacious balcony.
Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk up the stairs and walk straight. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs.
on the left wall of the room,above the brown cabinet and next to a note written "hello"
The drawer is placed next to the drawer below the television in the kitchen.
The lamp is near a corridor and a toilet.
The bed is beside a big window and two nightstands,one of which has a black remote control on it.
There is a big table on the opposite and some cabinets around.
The racket is placed next to a gate and next to a conference room.
between decorations and a same massage bed, near a door
The cabinet is located next to a wall.
the living room is near the dining room and the kitchen
The bed is in the middle in a bedroom on the second floor.
The television is on the right side of a blue and white bed and above a brown guitar.
The cabinet is placed in the corridor.
Under the mirror is the sink, with one towel on each side
The massage bedroom has only one massage bed and some decorations on the wall.
The book is settled in a bright and tiny living room on the first floor.
The glass is placed in the hall.
The stool is set in a tearoom.
in a small room within two closestools and two shower cubicles;
The glass is set near a smaller conference room and next to the hall.
The sofa is in the centre of the living room.
in front of the window and the closestool, next to the door of the bathroom
The electronic keyboard is in a living room.
The picture leaned against the wall and to the left of the sofa.
Walk over the star tile into the bedroom and walk towards the bed. Walk around the bed, and stop next to the left set of windows.
The jug is near a corridor and a bathroom.
Towel in the toilet
This corridor connects with a study and is on the first floor.
The painting is in a big office.
Walk past the dining table and past the stairs into the doorway just past the stairs.  When you see the window with curtains, turn left and walk a few steps until you are in front of some cabinets.  Stop in front of the sink on the marble counter in between the cabinets displaying glassware.
the washroom is near a corridor and a stair.
across the sofa, the TV is mounted on the wall
The sofa is set in the small bedroom.
There is a toilet on the opposite.
The bed is located in the bright bedroom.
Facing the nearest red exit sign, move forward and turn right to go down a corridor. Pass by three wooden doors on your right, then turn left down another corridor. Stop in the middle of two doors to your right labeled "S-E" and "S-D" and just prior to door on your left labeled "315".
Walk straight ahead across the patio area and stop in front of the window past the last door on the right.
The telephone is in the 302 office.
Go straight, pass the kitchen area then turn left and pass the table with chairs. Wait by the first column on your left.
The box is placed next to the stairs and the hall.
the garden is near the balcony which is near a study room
Walk through the archway and wait to the left on the steps.
The mirror is in the master bedroom.
Walk passed the foot of the bed and around to the open door. Walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway. Walk down the hall and into the bedroom with the blue floral blanket.
The sofa is set in the hall.
Exit the media room and take a hard left. Head towards the bathroom on the left. Go to the tub and turn left. Wait in front of the shower.
Turn 180 degrees and walk down the hall.  Walk past the stairs and keep going through the doorway.  Move to the right and walk through the right doorway.  Wait inside the door.
The club chair is under a painting, next to a black flower bed.
Next to a shower room ,face a mirror
next to the paintings and the bed
the white big cabinet is placed oppositethe glass door is close to white curtains
The pen is in the reception.
Go to the left, down the hallway, up the stairs, and into the bathroom on the right.
The towel is hung on the cabinet below the flower.
The bathtub is near a bedroom.
The furnace is in the corner of the study.
The stair is in a dining room.
The long table as a displaying shelf
The sofa is near a black television, opposite to a small gray sofa and near a brown wooden table.
The desk is surrounded by wooden fences.
near a bath, next to a water dispenser
The desk is in a small room on the corner of hall.
the handbag are on the top of the box and under the bench
You need to walk to the end of the table and make a left, stop when you get to the end of the light wood table. When you get to the end of the table make a right turn and wait on the line on the floor between the table and ping pong table.
Turn around and walk straight. Turn around and walk out of the bathroom and walk over towards the bedroom closet.
The chairs are set at the middle of the small room with a red carpet.
The vase is at the end of the corridor, next to the bedroom door.
The telephone is facing directly the gate and the corridor and is oppoiste to an empty office.
The kitchen is on the third floor, next to the livingroom, next to the balcony.
The vase is in a living room.
on the carpet, next to the sofa
The cabinet is in a kitchen on the first floor.
Walk forward past the framed glass dividing wall on the left. Turn left past the dividing wall and walk past the wicker hamper on the right. Continue down the hallway and turn into the massage room on the right. Wait near the massage tables.
The stool is set on the floor in a corner, near a lamp.
The painting is near a bedroom.
near a chandelier, on a wall
These book are in a big cabinet and there is a big picture near the books.
The lamp is located in the bright bedroom.
Turn right and head towards the large windows and turn left. Walk through the small walkway and enter the next room. Turn left and walk all the way across the room and stop in front of the double doors on the other side.
under the stone table, next to the cabinet, among the three stools and first from left
The bed is in a small bedroom.
Go straight towards the kitchen and turn right after the kitchen table.  Walk towards the end table and turn left to walk behind the couch with the kitchen island on your left. Keep going straight beyond the chair on your right.  Facing the pictures on the wall go right, down the hall to the door at the end and walk into the bedroom.
There are some pictrues,trophies and a clock on it.
The tapestry is near a bedroom and a living room.
The painting is set in the food bar.
The microwave oven is in a kitchen.
sofa there are six pillows on it and a small table in front
The glass door is placed opposite big white cabinetclose to desk in big bedroom.
There is a brown chair put under the desk ,and a small porcelain put on the desk
at the corner of the women's changing room.
The single sofa is placed close to the glass door ,which is placed near another same sofa in the living room.
The stool is in a big meeting room.
walk out the bathroom, left turn then turn right and stop near the small table.
next to the table and the green chairs
they are opposite the hovel, and they are place outside the bathroom in the corridor
The painting is set on a white wall, above a black stove and near a beige sofa and a black long sofa.
The bedroom is next to the stairs and behind the blue wall painting.
The lamp is set in the bright and spacious bedroom.
Starting in the dining hall next to the round table on your right walk forward until you reach the second square table. Walk forward between the two round tables and turn to the left. Keep the wooden pillar on your right-hand side, walk forward about six steps and wait.
The photo is in a living room.
The refrigerator is near a corridor.
on the wall , next to the bathtub
The sofa is placed in a bright and tiny living room.
on a small table, in the middle of two white chairs
The booth is the nearest to the number 5 meeting room and by side of the reading area.
The stairs are in the corner of the bar.
vase On the round table with a bunch of flowers inside
The chair is near a bedroom.
The drawer is on the opposite side of a white toilet and near a white sink.
Exit bedroom and head straight toward living area, and wait at entrance.
The restaurant is opposite to the reception counter and next to the reading area.
The table is set under a sculpture of a man riding an elephant and near a round table under a brown vase.
The table is placed next to the hall and near a reading room.
If you are looking at the round table then turn right and go past the couches and then turn right. Then U turn left and go straight into that large empty room.
There is a leather chair next to the desk and a book on the desk.
on a woody table, next to a desk lamp, in front of a white chair
The vase is on the left side of a big vase and behind a brown table which is surrounded by eight chairs.
Walk between the couch and the coffee table and out the door. Turn right and walk through the first door on the left. Wait near the bed.
Next to the living room door and a socket
The stove is set on the right side of the oven and behind a silvery sink.
There is a blanket next to the book and a white cabinet near it.
The cabinet is on a corner and near a clutter.
Enter the house and walk past the staircase and the kitchen island. Exit the house through the sliding glass doors onto the deck and stop beside the plant in the blue pot.
Walk through the door and continue straight toward the treadmill. Stop beside the first treadmill you arrive at.
Exit the room then go slightly left and straight until you get to the treadmill and wait there.
the drawer in the kitchen
next to the woody table and the green chairs
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Wait in the entryway of the bedroom on the right.
the corridor is near  a living room , a stair and a storage room.
The lamp is on the right side of a blue and white bed, next to a guitar and on a beige drawer.
The lamp is in the master bedroom.
This area  is  located  on the  corner  of the hall and has somecabinets and light bulbs.
The living room is next to the kitchen and the bedrooms.
The area is between the living room and the toilet.
beside a big basket for used clothes.near a mirror with black rims.
Turn around and walk down the hall. Wait net to the foosball table.
The lamp is near a toilet.
The cactus is in the lobby.
The computer is opposite to the entrance and in front of the food bar.
The door is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
The books are on the fourth layer of a shelf in a study.
Opposite to the chair is the hallway.
The TV is on the table settled in a warm child-bedroom.
The area is next to a kitchen and across form a fireplace.
The study has some shelves and it has two chairs.
The desk is in a living room.
Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway. Stop just outside the bedroom.
Go forward, take a right at the doorway of the laundry room, go forward to the bedroom and wait in the doorway.
on the table, among four bottles and second from right
The books are put on the shelf which is in front of a table in a study.
The sofa is near a corridor and a bedroom on the second floor.
The room is along the corridor leading to the exit and at the corner of a junction of three roads.
The mirror is near a study.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left then turn right. Walk straight until you get to the top of the stairs on the left.
on the first row of the bookcase, next to the door
The window is in the middle of the entire window, above the fluffy stool.
next to the washstand, under the white picture
This area has a red carpet.
The chair is in the outside.
The chaire is set in the bright bedroom.
The livingroom is on the third floor, next to the stairs and kitchen and there is a balcony outside.
in front of a tray containing some cards and a long table,in the row that close to the locker and in the position closest to two rooms
The balcony is next to a study room and a garden
The bedroom connects with a gymnasium and is in fornt of another bedroom.
Go out the door. turn left and go out that door. Turn right and go toward the table. Proceed to the stairs on the right.
on the wall, next to chairs
This is a spacious, green corridor.
Leave the entertainment and turn right.  Keep walking down the hallway and enter the door at the very end.  Stop once you have entered the room.
next to the door of this room
The painting is opposite to a blue and white painting and near a gray and black bed.
The sofa is near a dining room.
there is a bedroom in opposite
The table is placed in front of the sofa in the living room.
The umbrella is placed next to a tearoom.
The chairs are in the dining room.
The mirror is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
above the stove and next to the wall
There is a bookshelf and stairs in the corner of the bar.
The lamp faces a woody table with a white chair.
The stove is beside the table and drawers.
Walk past the tub and turn right.  Walk through the door.  Walk past the pool table.  Wait in the doorway.
The telephone is settled below a painting, near two black screens and a black television.
The paintings are in a dining room.
under the television over the stove
in the middle of two identical end tables; near  the swimming pool;
next to a picture, facing a table
The cabinet is in the corner and beside the table.
The screen is near a corridor.
The pillow is set in the livingroom.
The table is in the study.
on the right side of the phone and the desk,above a dustbin and in front of the curtain
Turn left at the stairs. Walk up the stairs and walk right past the stairs. Stop in front of the bed.
The stool is placed near a small conference room and the front desk.
on the first floor of the cup holder, on the right the cup holder, next to a dish
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk through the room and into the bedroom. Walk left out of the bedroom and stop at the top of the stairs.
TV is close to the balcony
The plant is in a large restaurant.
Exit the pool area and walk toward the stairs, enter the hallway to the slight right past the chair, turn right and enter the third door on the left, wait by the lockers.
Walk up the stairs to the upper level of the home Turn and follow the banister railing around the corner. Continue along the banister and walk into the open room ahead with the couches.
surrounded by eight woody,yellow chairs,in front of a brown and white wall painting,next to potted plants
The toaster is placed next to the microwave below the cabinet near the toilet.
The table is put close to the glass door in the dining room ,which is next to big mirror.
there is a bedroom across the corridor outside the bathroom
The vase is in the study.
Walk past the table and enter the doorway to the left. Walk straight through the kitchen area and stop once you reach the first couch in the outside area.
The painting is near a bedroom and a living room.
The lamp is near a toilet and a bedroom.
next to the window with white curtain, face the bed
the bedroom is next to a open-balcony and  a living room.
there is a study room the balcony and there is a stair in the study room
next to the switch and the door
kitchen on the balcony
The fan is located at the ceiling of the bedroom.
the washroom is near a corridor which is near 2 bedrooms and a living room
The toilet is created in a bathroom belong to the bedroom which is face the stairs
below the towel and next to the woody door
on the table, in front of a door
The area is next to the corridor and the children's room.
on the left of a white dustbin,in front of the white desk,in the third position from left to right
facing the desk, on the sofa
Walk straight through the doorway and take a right. Walk straight through the bathroom and stop passed the sink.
The glasses are in a living room.
The painting is set near a brown table surrounded by four brown chairs and near a rectangular photo.
There are many recliners and sofas in the balcony.
The cabinet is inside the laundry room.
The stairs is set at a corner of the living room, on the second floor.
The towel is set near a shutter and in front of two white sinks.
There is a big sofa and a table in the living room.
The lamp is near a big bed and near a dresser.
The mirror is in a reception room.
beside a white switch; below a wall lamp;
Exit the room. Once you are in the large room ,turn left and enter the hallway. Walk all the way down the hallway and into the room with chairs. Once in the room, turn right and enter the door straight ahead and stop.
against the wall of a wide and long hallway.
The computer faces the hallway.
hung on the wall, above the sofa
beside the door of the room.
Walk straight down the hallway. turn right at end of stairwell. Stop before open bedroom with closet at your left.
The cabinet is placed in a small cloakroom.
A switch under it. Another shower opposite to it.
Walk past the coffee table to the top of the stairs. Walk down the stairs and turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
The elevator is in a bar.
There is a picture on the back and a TV in front of it
Make a left and walk past the stair case. Walk into the doorway that is next to the short lamp. Make a right and walk past the framed wall art into the locker room.
on the wall,above the shell and on the right side of the clock
The paper towel is in a kitchen.
The door is settled near a green painting, on the right side of a brassy switch and on the opposite side to a cabinet.
The chair is in the center of a big and bright dining room.
The sofa is in a living room.
Above the table, beside the door
The shoebox is placed in the corridor ,which is opposite a picture of leopard and under a shoe liked handicraft.
Opposite to the sink is a shower room.
under the decorations, in the center of a bedroom
The lamp is next to the French window and face to the door.
The living is next to a washroom and connect with a dining room.
The chair is placed next to the gate and near a wall.
The office is connected to the corridor leading to the exit and at the corner of a junction of three roads.
The area is next to the kitchen and the dining room.
hung on the wall, above the closestool
Exit the bathroom, walking past the foot of the bed and exiting though the double doors to the right of the head of the bed towards your left. After exiting the bedroom, take a hard left turn and walk forward until there's a pair of leather covered chairs and a fireplace to your right.
The mirror is a bedroom on one side and a corridor on the other
Walk past the wooden stairs that go up. Go stop in the women's bathroom doorway.
It lies on a black board, and under the projector.
against the wall on the left side of the door.
The bed is located in the spacious bedroom.
The keyboard is in a bedroom.
It locates beside the wall and under a window,near a wooden closet.
The lamp is located in the livingroom.
a long room within only one narrow bed and wooden floors;
The lamp is set in the bright kitchen.
in front of the third desk on the left side and near the innermost chair
on the floor,between two desks,on the left side of the red box
in a vase, in front of a picture
Walk out of the bathroom and wait on the stairs that are on the right.
Walk out the black door.Take a right out of the next doorway. Walk straight to the small flight of stairs, to the top.
at the right corner of the room
The sofa is near the stairs and opposite the kitchen
in the middle of two sofas, in front of the livingroom, next to the glass wall
The stool is beside the table and swimming pool.
The flowers are in a transparent vase and on a transparent table surrounded by twelve transparents chairs.
Turn right and exit the bathroom, turn right and go forward out of the bedroom, wait at the base of the stairs.
The screen is placed on a yellow table and in front of a black chair,near a white calculator.
in front of a table, in the fifth layer of the shelf
The fan is hanging in a study.
Turn around and enter the room with the round mirror on the wall. Enter the doorway directly ahead, then turn left and pass through the open doorway.
The handbag is near a corridor and a bathroom.
The towel is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
The chairs is in front of a  stone pillar.
next to a lamp, facing a sofa
The shower is in a shower room.
next to a window, next to a sofa
The guitar is set in the small bedroom.
The kitchen is next to a small storeroom and there is a road outside.
The painting is set above two brown chairs, on the white wall and on the opposite side of a cuboid table.
The painting is near a living and a bathroom.
The microwave oven is near a corridor on the first floor.
on the right of a pillar,on the left of some black knapsacks
Step forward into the hallway and turn right. Walk up the first three steps.Turn right and walk into the dining room.
The piano is placed in the corner of a small and bright living room.
The area is near the window and next to the dining room.
There is a cabinet above the oven. There is a microwave next to the oven.
next to the white lamp and below the painting
The master bedroom faces the balcony. Right below the room is the swimming pool
Walk past large doorway and turn left. Walk toward doorway near photos on the wall. Enter the doorway and walk past the bed. Enter the bathroom and wait.
between two small chairs, near the stairs
in the center of the squared room;
The drawer is in the kitchen on the first floor.
There are some pictures and laptop on the desk.
next to the table and the wash basin
The bar has a wide bar counter and two elevators.
The tablet computer is placed next to two stairs and near a reading room.
The bedroom is on the second floor, in the end of the corridor and on the left of the corridor when up to second floor.
Walk right around the railings and around, going past the TV and recliners.  Stop when the railings start again on the opposite side of the entertainment center in front of some closed double doors.  It is on the opposite side of the room than the windows looking outside.
Walk through the kitchen passed the sink. Turn the corner to the left and walk into the room with wooden walls that is completely empty except for a ceiling lamp.
The vase is placed in the center of a kitchen with wood floor.
Go straight until you get to three windows. Wait in the window farthest to the left.
next to the stairs, in front of the French window
a changing room equipped with a shower cubicle and a restroom;
The switch is near a corridor and a bedroom.
The books are on the fourth layer of the shelf in a study.
the living room is next to a open-balcony and a dining room.
on the table, above the sink
The coffee maker is set in the bright kitchen.
The light is set in front of a window and next to a dustbin.
The drawer is set faces the window.
The fitness equipment is settled near a white and red bed and opposite to a rectangular painting.
Turn right at the white bookshelf. Wait next to the desk that is next to a set of stairs.
in front of two identical stools; faces a big glass door;
The plant is set in the hall.
The box is in a narrow room.
Walk straight toward the wall. As you approach the wall, veer to the left, toward the bedroom. Stop by the entrance to the bedroom.
a big hall within a swimming pool
The cabinet is near a corridor and a toilet.
It has a very similar switch on its right and It has an outlet on the bottom right
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and connect with a balcony.
The picture is in a bathroom.
Walk straight towards the "Exit" sign and turn left.  Walk straight down the hallway and stop in front of the column near the end.
The plant is set in the middle of the balcony.
The bathroom is in front of a gym and is behind a bedroom.
There are some cups in the cabinet. There is a pot of flower below the cabinet.
The cabinet is above the flower. The sink is next to the flower.
The curtain is next to a bathroom.
The mirror is placed above the drawer and sink in the toilet.
The washroom is on the second and linked with a large bathroom.
on the right and at the short side of this room
The study connects with the outside and has a shelf with a clock.
in front of the desk in the innermost position,facing the painting of scissors and in front of the green file holder
The bathroom is the small one which is detached and close to the hovel , opposite a small bedroom.
With the stairs to your right, walk straight down the hallway and into the blue bedroom at the end.  Stop just after passing through the doorway.
The box is set in the front desk.
Exit bathroom, make a left, head down hallway, and stop next to table in room.
The back of the stool  is the living room and the front is the kitchen
The carpet is set on the ground ,near a bookshelf.
in the first position of the left side of the desk,under the decoration on the wall
Walk to the hallway with a painting on the wall. Turn left keep walking keeping left going down the stairs waiting on the first few steps of the stairs.
The kitchen is next to the livingroom and on the first floor.
The door is near a bedroom and a toilet.
The lamp is on the left side of a blue and white bed, on a beige drawer and near a black telephone.
in front of a table, next to a door
The towel is in the kitchen on the first floor.
Go straight and into the bedroom to the left of the stairs. Stop in the large doorway to the right of the bed.
The tap is in a bathroom.
On its right is another same tap, under the mirror
opposite a brown cabinet; below a sink;
The mirror is set between wooden doors and next to two big, red and golden chairs.
next to a bottle and a door, above a television
the rest room is near a corridor which is near 2 bedrooms and a living room
The chair is in a reception room.
Enter the hallway and take a left. Go straight and go right at the end of the hall. Enter the room with the bear, and walk into the hall straight across. Enter the bedroom that is the first door on the right. Stop in the doorway.
TV hangs on the wall of the living room
The cap is set in the hall.
The living room is at the left side of the gate.
The bed is in a small and bright bedroom on the second floor.
a big hall with a glass door.
There are red and pink flowers in the vase, there is a table lamp next to it, and they are placed on a small table together
The room is nearly at the end of a corridor and faces the stairs of exit at a slant.
There are many pictures on the wall of the living room.
The sink is beside the vase and the window.
the living room is next to a rest room and a balcony.
The mirror is on the opppsite side of a stair of a corridor.
Walk between the couch and the window.  Turn left and walk towards the stairway.  Go up the three steps and when you get to the top, wait.
The corridor links the resting area with the food bar and opposite to a row of boothes.
The area has a tall shelf with some photos and there are two doors.
The pillow is on a white and yellow bed and between two beige and black lamps.
in front of a pillar,on the right side of the door
This area has a woody door and a fan.
The sofa is near a corridor and a storage room.
It has a porcelain on it and a few chairs under it.
next to a wall with two paintings; on the left of a black end table;
The vase is set on the left side of a beige sofa, near two small beige sofas and near a stove.
It has a roof above it and a floor-to-ceiling window next to it.
The chair is set next to a blue and brown bed and near three white doors.
The cloth is above a white box,on the right of the cabinet and on the left of a desk.
The desk is surrounded by two sofas, opposite to a black television and near a painting.
it  is located in a garden on the second floor
Walk towards the pillars and stop just before you get to the opening to the house.
A smaller sink is right to it. A screen is left to it. Above the sink is a big mirror on the wall.
next to a cupboard, under a screen
on the bed, in the middle of two lamps
The lamp is placed in a big bedroom on the second floor.
The tap is in front of a big mirror and under four lights.
beside two sofas and an end table; on the right of the door;
The stool is beside the outdoor swimming pool.
next to the wall, below the picture
They are near a toilet.
the corridor is near a living room and a washroom.
The bed is located at a corner of the bedroom.
The office is next to a relaxing area and meets a road leading to the tea room and locker room and opposite to a corridor.
The toilet is set in the washroom.
under a  clock, in front of a table
next to the door and the woody cabinet
The carbinet is in a bedroom.
The power switch is placed between the stairs and the picture on the wall.
The chair is in a big simple shared office with the number 363.
The lamp is near a bedroom.
The recliner is placed in the corner of the bedroom next to the balcony.
Go out of the door towards the large picture with a woman in a black dress, and turn right down the hall towards a room with shelves, a desk, and a globe.  Wait in the doorway.
The laundry basket is located in a sauna.
the storage room is in a bedroom which is near a corridor and a living room.
below a security identifier;opposite a TV hung on the ceilng;
on the right side of a table with a sink.
the dining room is near a living room and a stair.
The table is in the middle of the corridor.
There is another cabinet below. There are some lights shining on the cabinet.
The keyboard is in the number 361 small office.
Exit the bedroom and turn hard right. Then enter the bathroom to your immediate left.
The power switch is placed on the wall between the poster and the television.
The meeting room is along a corridor leading to the lobby and behind a stairway door.
The fan is set  near to a metal statue and next to a red bench.
the TV is embed in the wallcurtains are close to it
a big hall with a big sliding door.
The kitchen is facing the stairs, next to the balcony and next to the dining room.
The table is near a stair and near a dining room.
The tapestry is opposite to a white and green painting and near a brown rectangular photo.
The table is placed in the dining room near the kitchen.
Right above the sink and right under the mirror.
Walk down center pews, then make a left then head to open area, and wait in center of room.
The bashroom is between a gym and a bedroom on the second floor.
The chair is on the right side of a white bed and near a beige and black lamp.
The corridor is on the second floor, has some rooms and two stairs beside it.
With the rocking chair at your back go forward on he patio and go down the stairs passing the table on your left and into the porch and take a left into the kitchen through the door on your left  and hang a right going to the white couch stopping at the wall at the edge of the brown rug.
Exit the room to the left of the bookshelves, go straight through, turn left after the plant, cross the room to the right of the television, step near the glass door and stop.
The chairs are behind a desk under the ceiling lamp and on the left side of the white table under the small wooden carbinet.
Exit bathroom, make a left, make a slight left, then head to balcony and wait.
The chair is near a kitchen.
Exit the bathroom, walk past the beds and wait in the doorway to the hall.
The sofa is located in the spacious bedroom.
There is a vase and towel next to the tap
The stool is in a vast reading hall.
Walk passed though couches and fireplace. Continue passed the coffee table and around the next set of couches. couches. Walk though the open sliding doors to the outside patio.
Walk towards the pool, walk along the left side of the pool, enter the massage room.
between a plant and a red book,on the locker and under the clock
The living is next to a washroom and connect with a dining room on the first floor.
There's a pool on one side and an open kitchen on the other
pot culture In the living room
Walk straight into the large room in front of you. Once in turn right and walk to the other end of the very long and narrow wood table. Once you reach the end, stop facing the work area.
The door is near a kitchen and a dining table.
The decorations are hanging in a bar.
on the right side of the table and near the door and opposite to a whiteboard
under the picture, next to a small table, next to the washroom's door
The photo is settled in a brown bookcase and near a black fitness equipment.
The bookcase is in a living room.
The bedroom is on the right of it
at the entrance of a room with a bathtub and two beds.
near the rounded bar and a white fence;.
next to a door, on a wall
there is a kitchen in front of the kitchen
under the stone table, among three stools and in the middle of the two stools
There is a small wooden cabinet put at the opposite corner, and the white bed is facing the glass door to balcony.
There are several big sofas placed in the big living room, and a median size mirror installed on the side wall.
The living room is facing another big and bright living room and is next to a corridor on the first floor.
on the far left of this table;
The balcony is outside the bedroom, which is on the second floor, on the left of the corridor when go upstairs and in the end of the corridor.
The table is under the bottle and the switch.
picture Connecting the living room and bedroom
in front of a chair, next to a bar counter
There is a shelf and some bottles of wine above the drawer.
there is a desk in front of the targetand the cabinet is opposite the glass door which is to balcony
on a table,on the right of the receipt printer,at the back of the screen
The lamp is on the ceiling and next to the door.
The drawer is under the table and cabinet.
in the middle of a black cabinet and a small waste basket; near a cabinet with four lockers;
The stair handrail is located in a bar.
face a glass door, in front of a mirror
The cabinet is opposite to a green painting and a brassy switch.
The door is in a bedroom on the second floor.
The sink is in a washroom on the first floor.
The picture is placed above the chair next to the door.
beside a big box;near two cabinets;
The stool is in a kitchen.
next to a flower, above a drawer
Head inside past the sink and up the stairs, turn left and wait near the wall painting.
The flower is placed in a bedroom on the first floor.
the dining room is near a living room and a stair .
Walk straight towards the exit sign.  Turn right at the hallway intersection. Turn left into the first room.  Wait by the table.
behind a keyboard and a telephone and on the left side of a yellow note
The vase is placed  near a big conference room and a small conference room.
in front a mirror, on a washbasin
The light is placed in the left corner of the staircase and to the left of a brown box.
The painting is in a study.
The bedroom is on its right
under the range hood, on the cabinet
on the desk next to the glass wall,on the right of the green box and in a crystal pen box
The study connects with the outside and is next to a bedroom.
The bed is near a brown wooden desk and a wooden dresser with a mirror, under a red blanket and two red pillows.
The power switch is placed next to the picture facing the bed on the wall of the bedroom.
The courtyard is on the first floor and outside the livingroom.
The box is settled in a study.
The corridor is on the second, has some rooms and two stairs.
The glass is in the corner in a study.
The stool is set in a small conference room.
The curtain is in a bedroom on the second floor.
beside a big washroom;
They are just outside the toilet whose light is bright and is near the wooden frame.
the washroom is near a bedroom and a stair.
The livingroom is on the third floor, next to the kitchen and stairs, there is a balcony outside the livingroom.
The vase is near a black and golden table and set between two paintings.
The chatting room is next to the hall.
there are a bedroom ,a bath room and a room around the corridor
The chair is on the opposite side of a white corridor and near a living room.
The lamp is in a bedroom on the second floor.
The cabinet is settled in a warm child-bedroom.
The chair is under a socket and near a desk.
The dining room is next to a kitchen and there is a road outside.
The cabinet is in a big living room.
This area has some brown cabinets and red cabinets.
on the left side of the dustbin,on the right side of the white board,near the innermost glass wall
Standing outside the door and looking in, on its right is another same beach chair, there is a little round stool between two chair
The calendar is set near a corner and  the gate.
at the entrance of this bath center;
The stool is settled in the corner of a bedroom with a balcony.
Go through the center of the room towards the back, turn left left after the seats, at the large pillar take a slight left towards the grey divider and stop mid-room.
next to a sculpture, in front of a table
The vase is in a dining room.
The stool is set under a yellow table and behind a white computer.
There is a large wardrobe and a laundry basket in this man washroom.
there is a small tap installed above the sink ,and a grey towel is hanging close to it
they are installed on the wall which is close to big bedbalcony is on the opposite
on the edge of the desk,on the right side of the computer, in front of two white machines and behind the limpid
The fire hydrant is hung in the middle of the wall,next to a pillar and opposite to a glass wall.
Turn right and pass by the table. Continue down the wall and stop.
The cloakroom is inside the bedroom, on the floor and next to the kitchen.
The chair is under a table and a computer.
Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and go through the kitchen. Go past the table and chairs and wait near the stairs on the right.
under a green plant, on the right side of the dustbin and a sofa
next to the bed and another lamp with the same shape and color, next to the window with red curtains
The cabinet is settled in a toilet.
above the mirror , facing the window
on the wallpaper; opposite a wall with a mirror.
Work room face the dinning room.
The lamp is set one a white long table, on the left side of a white and brown bed and near two skateboards.
There is a vase on it and there are two sofas next to it
The laundry basket is in a man washroom.
The glass is set in the spacious livingroom.
The area is in a corner which is next to the living room.
The area is in the bedroom and on the second floor
Walk through the door towards the hallway. Take a right and wait at the end of the hallway.
The table is placed in front of the chair and the cabinet in the room.
The sofa is in a corridor.
The cabinet is set near a white and brown bed and a rectangular painting.
The towel is in a toilet.
The corridor is next to the livingroom and on the first floor.
between two massage beds, near a swimming pool
on the furnace, next to a picture
beside an oblate wooden box;on a wooden cabinet;
next to a door, in front of a printer and a box
below a round clock; three deck chairs near it;
The painting is set on a wall, on the left side of a orange picture and on the right side of two picture and a newspaper.
This study has two laptops and two penholders on the table.
Cross to the second table across the way.
The mirror is on the left side of a red and brown chair and opposite to a wooden table.
The box is set on a yellow box in a shelf.
in front of a picture, next to a plate
There are two chairs near the pool. The pool is next to another big pool.
The area is next to a kitchen and across from stairs.
Wait by the fireplace in the dining area.
Walk past the floral couch.  Exit through door.  Walk straight until you reach a wooden chest on the floor.  Turn left, and walk out the door with crucifix.  Wait by doormat.
The sofa is set near a transparent oval sofa, opposite to a beige long sofa and in front of a black stove.
Walk into the door near the potted plants.  Turn slight left, and wait next to the piano.
next to the lamp, next to the phone
The book is set at the corner near a stone pillar.
The mirrors are set above a gray box, near a stair and near a gray sculpture.
in the men's changing room;
There is a laundry across the corridor.
The sink is set in a big table and opposite to a induction cooker.
The pillow is next to a red pillow and on a long sofa.
The table is set at a corner of the living room, on the second floor.
the rest room is next to open-balcony and living room.
The loudspeaker box is placed near a reading room and the hall.
next to the bed and two lamps, face a curtain with black curtains
next to the door, under the cabinet, there is a coffee machine on it
The drawer is placed below the sink and the flower in the toilet.
The box is placed on a yellow box next to a corner and a tripod.
belongs to a changing room with two identical closets;
The grey single sofa is placed close to the glass door, which is back facing a white cabinet, front facing the TV.
exit the living room area, turn right, veer left, head down the hallway, go through the double doors into the next room, turn left, turn left again at the kitchen, stop in front of the refrigerator.
The flower is in the reception.
next to the toilet and the cabinet
The picture is near a study.
Step through the door and then take a right past the shelves, enter the nearest open door and into the bathroom, walk towards the bath tub and stop once you've reached the shower.
next to a same massage bed, in the corner
on the carpet, in front of the big sofa, next to a chair
Leave the living room area and walk straight back past the stairs and to the back door. Stand in the doorway and look outside.
The washing machine is set on the right side of a white washing machine and on the left side of a white sink.
the kitchen is near the dining room and living room
There are lots of  chairs with the same size, shape and colour on its right  but  no chairs on its left.
This area is near a kitchen and near a stair.
The sink is set on the opposite side of a white toilet and near a blue and brown drawer.
The drawer is placed between the stove and the carpet in the kitchen.
The stapler is in  a tea room at the end of the corridor.
The hank sink is settled in the center of a kitchen on the first floor.
The narrow room is connected with an attic and stairs.
Go into the bedroom with an 'E' above the head of the bed. Go into the bathroom. Stop next to the sink.
against the left wall of this room
The computer is set on a yellow table and next to a window.
The stools are next to the French door which lead to the balcony.
The drawer is near a corridor and a living room.
The stool is under a yellow table with black stools on either side.
next to the glass door, next to the wall
Exit the theater and take a right down the hallway. Continue past the large painting and take the next left into the bedroom. Stop when you get to the edge of the rug.
A tap is right above it, and a display is on its left.
The storeroom is next to a bathroom and is facing a cloakroom.
hung on the wall, next to the toilet
on the long sofa, among six pillows and second from right
The carbinet is behind a brown wooden table with a whith hollow-out tablecloth and behind three brown chairs with blue mat.
The photo frame is placed on a table in front of a mirror and next to a blue photo frame.
there are 3 same kind of wine racks next to it but this one is next to a glass door on the left.
The stool is in front of two small single rooms and behind the food bar.
The box is set  behind a black chairs and between two shelves.
The vase is on the table with two sofas next to it with green plants
Stand with the bed behind you and exit the room through the door on the right by the white flowers.  Walk over the black square floor decoration and over the red carpet and stop in the doorway to the left of the two chairs.
on the right wall of the washroom;
The sofa is on the opposite side of a white corridor.
near two wall lamps; beside a brown cabinet;
three cabinets around it;right faces a big box;
The fireplace is in the wall and to the right of the lamp.
The lamp is near the stairs and opposite the kitchen
The book is set in the hall.
The lamp is near a corridor and a living room.
having washrooms and shower cubicles.
The sofa is set in the home theatre.
The table is located in the bright livingroom.
The kitchen is on the third floor, facing the stairs, next to the livingroom and dining room.
corridor links a living room , 2 bedrooms and a rest room
next to a picture, below a light
The cabinet is located in the cloakroom.
It was directly under a few bowls and two pots.
The restroom is in the bedroom which is at the right turn of the gate.
Walk up the stairs. Take a right at the top of the stairs. Walk straight into the TV room at the end of the hall. Stop next to the door in the TV room.
The lamp is settled in a big bathroom on the second floor.
The luggage is set near a blue and brown bed, in front of the window and near the white baskets.
The photo is near a brown table surrounded by four brown chairs, near a small vase and near two paintings.
at the top right of a blue pianting,on the red wall and the one nearest to the food bar counter
behind the front desk in an entryway to a hall with rooms for changing, showering and massage;
in the corner of a wall.
surrounded by a long sofa and two small sofas, under a television
Go into the garage. Turn right and go into the fitness room. From the fitness room, turn right and go into the shower room.
The display is set in a tearoom.
The cabinet is near a bathroom.
on the left side of the counter,behind the document holder and in front of a chair
The potted plant is put in the corner of a massage bedroom.
The kitchen faces the pool directly,and there is a living room and balcony downstairs.
Exit the room and turn right then turn left and wait by the sink.
Walk past the dining room table. Walk to the left of the grated wall and stop.
The chair is near a toilet.
The stool is placed  near a black table and a brown box.
Turn right and walk around the desk out into the room. Then turn right and walk forward stop by the ping pong table.
The bedroom is next to a bathroom and has a small balcony.
The power switch is in the living room on the first floor.
Right under the window, facing the door.
The cabinet is under the table and to the right of the towel.
The table is below a painting and a vase.
The bathroom is between a gym and a bedroom on the second floor.
There is a microwave and toaster below the cabinet.
Enter the building through the double doors and walk through the living area. Stop by the doorway to the hallway.
The vase is in the middle of a bright and white living room.
Walk past the left side of the bed and stop in the doorway.
The bed is in a bedroom which has blue carpet.
Turn around and exit the bedroom. Turn right and wait outside next to the welcome rug.
The mirror is in the bedroom bathroom.
under the mirror, next to the toilet
next to the table and in front of a painting
There is a rectangular balcony, a cloakroom, a washroom and a toilet in the bedroom.
This is a clean, tidy and spacious living room.
The bedroom is on the second floor and there is a balcony outside.
on a table of glass, next to a sofa
beside two billboards;beside a tall cabinet;
in front of a storage cabinet, near a massage bed
The books are settled in a study.
set in a white flowerpot,above a oblong table surrounded by eight black chairs,between two white knick-knacks
Walk straight toward the pool. Walk straight until you get to the steps to go into the pool.
in the middle of two deck chairs; mear the swimming pool;
The painting is near a corridor.
These lights is on a sink and in front of a big mirror.
This living room is very neat and white.
Go straight through the bathroom through the door on the right toward the bedroom. Stop at the foot of the bed.
The screen is placed in the front desk.
The chair is at the corner of a bedroom on the second floor.
The cabinet is on the top of the oven and next to the refrigerator.
in the middle of the five chairs; below a yellow security identifier.
The towel hangs under another blue towel. The towel hangs left to another blue towel.
The stool is placed in front of a television and on the left of a stone.
Go towards the potted plants, go through the doorway on the right, go straight and then to the left around the circle and go down the two steps and stop.
above two boxes; opposite a closed door.
The table is in the bedroom.
there are several coat hangers put in the wardrobe, opposite is another same wardrobe
The towel is settled in the toilet.
on the right side of the stone table, next to the glass door, in front of the glass window
There is another picture on one side of the picture, and the steps are below
The washbasin is seated in a small washroom.
The chair is in the number 302 office.
He was directly above the sink and diagonally below a ceiling light.
The telescope is in front of a big window, and near flower beds.
the bedroom is in the end of a corridor which is near another bedroom and rest room
There is a porcelain to the right of it, and a wooden table under it.
hung on the wall, above the towels
Exit the laundry room into the hallway and turn left. Take the next right and continue walking until stopping at the doorway straight ahead.
The bedroom connects with a sauna and has dome lights.
Exit and turn left. Walk straight passing the bed, and the cream sofa ahead of it. Walk towards the door that is in front of you and stop there.
The telephone is next to a metal lamp and opposite to a electronic keyboard.
The chair is set near a big brown cabinet and near a gray and black bed.
Walk past the set of chairs and down the hall. Walk up the steps and into the bathroom at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the sink.
the corridor is near 2 small bedrooms and a living room.
under a blue bucket. below a squared picture.
There is a cabinet and shelf on the opposite of the table.
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and first from left
below the TV,  across from the bed
Turn around and exit the study area. Walk across the hall towards the white stone circular item. Walk towards the mirror and turn left on the hallway. Wait there.
at the turning of this corridor;
The stool is set under a yellow table and next to a box and a shelf.
The living room has a big sofa on the carpet and a lamp on the table.
Walk toward the staircase and to the left of the stairs. Turn left by the table and chairs and stop in front of the desk.
The sink is set in the washroom.
The chair is in the middle seat of the left side of small office.
under the clock and cupboard
The television is over a fireplace and under a light
next to a door, near a bedroom
under the fireplace,facing the table
above the paintings, hung on the wall
The book is placed in the center of a small living room with wood floor.
under the mirror, next to a white vase
The sink is near a bedroom.
Turn around and enter the house. Turn right after the oddly shaped chair on the right and wait by the light switch.
The sofa is near a corridor.
The mirror is near a toilet.
on the first floor of the cup holder, on the left of the right dish
there is a bedroom across the corridor
The table is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
The drawer is under a vase and near a beautiful bed.
above a sofa, next to a window
The sofa is on a small attic, which is on the second floor.
The dining table is near a living room and a corridor.
The chair is near a living room and a toilet.
under a plate, under a lamp
the bathroom is in a big bedroom which is near a open-balcony,and near a washroom,dressing room.
The mouse is on the right side of two water bottles and two pack granule,at the edge of a desk,on a white book and above a note.
There is a storage cabinet and a laundry basket in the corner of the sauna.
The fan is in front of a white pillar, next to the stairs covered by a red carpet.
Walk through the door by the sink into the middle of the next room. Turn right and walk down the hallway and enter the third door on your right.
The chair is in a big office containing many drink and snacks.
The chair is set in a small office signed number 307 that only contains a set of office equipment.
The lamp is settled near a black sculpture, on a black bedside table and on the right side of a white and brown bed.
Go up the two steps. Turn right and then go straight. When you get to the sink on the left. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Turn right and wait near the toilet.
The table is located in the kitchen.
The bathroom is next to the dining room and the study on the second floor.
a room within two shower cubicles.
The TV is set in the living room.
The table is near two white sofas and near a black television.
The window belongs to the meeting area.
The stool is on the left of a same stool , on the right of a desk and a rustbin and behind the door.
The livingroom is next to the dining room, on the third floor and there is a balcony outside.
The ornament is placed in the hall.
The book is at the corner of the  white table and on the left of the document holder.
a small room equipped with two washing sinks and a narrow bed.
The sink is near a brown drawer and a white toilet.
The display is in a meeting room which has the number 05.
The area is next to the dining room and the living room.
The corridor is facing the stairs and on the second floor.
in front of the stairs covered by thin carpets; near two shower cubicles;
at the entrance of the room.
The TV is next to a door and in front of the stairs.
The bottle is set in the spacious livingroom.
The cabinet is set at the centre of a small room and under some light bulbs.
the entrance of dining room is on the right side of it.
The cabinet is in the lower left corner of the towel and brush.
The shutter is near a bedroom.
on a small cabinet , next to the bed
The masssge bed is put in a small bedroom.
The bed is next to a brown wall and between two small black tables under a black lamp and a black sculpture.
The sofa is set on the right side of a blue sofa, near a green bed and near a black television.
The photo is set on the right side of a yellow model car and above a colorful photo.
a room within three advanced instruments;
There is a picture outside the toilet.
It was between the two cabinets.
The bookcase is near a bedroom.
Walk through the office and out into the hallway. Wait in the living room near the sofa.
The bathtub is beside the toilet and the window.
The window is set in the bedroom.
picture next to the living room, opposite the yard
The drawer is placed behind the recliner and the table in the room.
There is a remote on the table, in front of the sofa
Exit Living area up the step. Walk to Dining room exit. Stop.
The bowl is placed in a tearoom.
the washroom is near a stair ,a living room and a rest room.
under a vase and is next to a sofa
hung on the wall, next to the door
next to the small table, next the lamp, next to the window
There is a table in front of the sofa. The pillow is on the sofa.
This area is located on the corner of the hall and has some doors.
There are four chairs with the same material, shape behind them and a brown chair in front of them.
hung on the wall and next to the picture
The dining room is next to a kitchen and there is a road on one side.
Walk down the hall and turn left before the potted plant. Walk to the top of the stairs going down. Go down the stairs and stop.
The bookshelf is near a balcony and a dining room.
between a table and a stove with a television, in the middle of two small sofa
Pass the couches then turn right. Pass the stairs and continue straight until you get to a bedroom. Wait at the entrance.
between a door and a television, near a romote control.
a room within a bathtub.
The toy is near a corridor.
The power switch is in the bedroom.
The picture is set in the bright bedroom.
next to the bathtub, below the mirror
The handbag is in a bedroom.
The towel is placed below the picture next to the towel in the toilet.
Leave the closet and take a right into the hallway. In the hall walk straight and stick left passing a cabinet on your left. Once past the cabinet go into the first room on your left.
There is a black rug under the sofa with a black curtain
Exit the shower and out of the bathroom into the home theater.  Exit theater to the right and follow the carpet to reach the other bathroom on the right.
The lamp in living room
Walk along the patio towards the couch. Stop next to the table that is in front of the couch.
beside a wooden bench; in front of a shower cubicle;
face a sofa, right under the switch and the thermostat.
across from the washroom and next to the bed
There is a long cupboard and an induction cooker directly above it, and three ovens on the left
The photo is near a toilet.
There is a flower and a metal bottle next to it
The stool is placed next to the hall and a stairs.
The study connects with a bedroom and a living room.
The typewriter is in a study.
There is a suitcase besides and some books above.
The closetool is set near a white sink and under a mirror.
The table is set in a big and bright living room.
Go to the Exit sign. Turn right and go to the next Exit sign.
The chair is set on a side of the corridor via the altar.
The plant is in a vast reading hall.
the living room is near a dining room and kitchen and a stair.
next to the white cabinets, next to the refrigerator
inside the glass door, on the wall
The picture is placed on the wall of the bedroom.
The stool is in the large resting room.
These pillows are on a big bed and near a lamp.
The lamp is settled in the corner of a dining room on the first floor.
The stove is placed on the table next to the vase in the kitchen.
next to a laundry basket, near a class cabinet
The area has a trashcan and a laundry basket.
The flower is placed on the table next to the sink in the kitchen.
The drawer faces the window and near the living room.
Go up the stairs then turn left and go up the stairs. Wait near the marilyn monroe painting on the right wall.
The sink is near a dining room.
The DVD is against a wall in the living room.
There are some red cabinet opposite to this cabinet and a brown desk near it.
exit bedroom to main room. Turn slight left at fireplace and walk across room through double doors. stop on gray rug next to dining room table.
The area is opposite to the locker and the tea room,sharing a corridor to the exit and at a corner.
on the small desk, next to the bed
next to a drawer, next to a hand sink
The whiteboard is set in the hall.
The cabinet is set at a side of the kitchen.
The printer is in a big office.
The mirror is set in the dining room.
The hair dryer is in a washroom.
a big hall leading to a long hallway.
Walk through the doorway. Walk through the living room.  Go down the hallway and into the bedroom. Stop next to the wooden cabinet.
The chairs are set under a big painting with golden border and near a brown cuboid table.
the kitchen is next to a open-balcony.
faces the flank of a table;in the middle of two sinks at the corner of the room.
near the decorations, in the corner of a bedroom
The chair is set on one side of the corridor via the altar.
next to the bed,next to the balcony door
Exit the shower. Go straight to exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room. Turn left and then turn right. Wait near the sink.
There is a cabinet  behind the suitcase and two extinguishers behind  it.
The stool is in a big restaurant .
Opposite to the drawer is a hallway.
The closetool is near a white sink and a rectangular mirrror.
The chair is settled in the center of a big bedroom.
The living room has a salver in the center and a big sofa.
there is a study next to the dinning room
the second one from right to left;
Go all the way to the glass double doors and stop in the doorway.
The cabinet is set next to a gray and black bed and on the left side of a black and brown chair.
Next to a shelf and a TV
Turn right and exit the room. Once out go to the door to the right of the drum set. Stop once inside the room.
The bedroom is next to the corridor on the second floor with balcony.
The table is below the vase and above the carpet.
There is a white cabinet under the book and a short desk next to it.
The plate is set in the livingroom.
the rest room is next to open-balcony and a living room.
The table is in the living room on the first floor.
The drawer is settled in a kitchen with wood floor on the first floor.
Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway until you see three lounge chairs on the left. Wait there.
The bedroom is on the left of the corridor when up to second floor, in the end of the corridor and on the second floor.
Turn to your left and exit the door into the hallway. Go down the hallway and enter the large room with the rug. Turn right and then head for the middle doors leading outside. Stop facing out the doors looking outside.
The computer is set near the stairs and the hall.
the fridge is on the left side of it and wash basin on the right side fo it.
Turn right to enter the brown door. Enter inside, and walk forward all the way towards another door that is in front of you. Stop between the two doors.
on the carpet, next to the mirror, on the right side of the table
Exit the room using the opening on the left.  Turn right and go straight until you get to a hallway. Wait there.
Turn to the left and walk past the metal fan on the floor. Turn to the left and walk past the triangular shaped bannister.  Turn right and walk to the left corner of the room by the cabinets.
below the mirror and across from the bed
The painting faces the door of the corridor at a slant and along the corridor leading to counter.
The pillow is set in the bright livingroom.
This bar has decorations on the wall and has a bar counter.
The light is set in a tearoom.
The painting is near a bathroom and a living room.
The area is next to the dining room and on the first floor
Walk through the bathroom, past the sink and toilet. Stop in front of the counter with the two suitcase.
Enter the house through the open glass doors. Go around the lattice screen and make a right turn.Go through the door and wait at the door on your right.
a big women's changing room having a long corridor.
Go straight across the room, then into the third door to your left.
The mirrors are near a balcony.
next to the staircase and the big black toy bear
on the table, in the middle of two sofas
next to a glass door, on the left of a small table, under the picture, facing a bed
The vase is set in the sunny balcony.
the rest room is next to a dining room and a living room.
There are grey cushions and pillows on the sofa, and a coffee table in front.
The sofa is in the study.
There are two massage beds and a class cabinet in this sauna.
Turn left and exit the room. Turn left and another left. Wait in the doorway of the unfinished room on the right.
The pillows are on the bed, beneath two paintings.
Turn around and then proceed to your left.  Enter large room that looks like a lobby.  Head left towards stairway.  Then take another left into large dining hall.
The potted plant is put in a corner.
Walk past the roped-off furniture display across from the four white columns. Head down the hallway. go past the two fire extinguishers sitting on the floor to the left and then make a right turn. Step over the rope and stop by the round white table.
This storeroom is located at the end of the right turn on the second floor.
Leave the bedroom, and enter the kitchen. Walk forward, and take a left at the couch. Stop in front of the window.
Go straight through the room into the hallway. Turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
the stool In the corridor connecting the kitchen to the living room
The photo is set below a black television, on a beige cabinet and near a green sofa.
The pen is on the left of the counter and faces the entrance and the food bar at a slant.
The toilet is on the first floor of the villa, on its left is the garden and on its right is the swimming pool.
The cabinet is placed against the wall next to the television in the kitchen.
The fire hydrant is opposite to a big blue dustbin and a printer,on the right of a pillar and under a tube .
The box is set near a black cabinet and against a wall.
at the corner of a room;
The kitchen is next to a small storeroom and a big dining room on the first floor.
The drawer is below a small rectangular painting, on the left side of a black and gray bed and opposite to a yellow and white table.
The stool is back to the corridor door and the service counter.
Take your first left and go to the room with the leather furniture and projection screen.
This is a photo of a dog in a living room.
The switch is near a bedroom with a bathroom.
next to the glass door, on the left of the table, there are three pillows on it
Go straight by the fireplace and passed the door on the right. Walk towards the next door on the right and turn right. Enter the door on the left and stop.
The stool is placed near a reading room and the hall.
The stool is on a corner and near a beautiful carpet.
The lamp is beside the sofa and in the corner.
It hangs on the stainless steel towel rail on the wall of a shower room.
on the wall, among five picture and first from left
in the middle of two identical sinks; opposite a shower cubicle;
Turn right and then turn left after the partition. Turn right into the massage room and wait there next to the phone.
There are many different size sofas put in the living room, but there is no balcony outside.
The refrigerator is set next to two sofas and a white and brown lamp.
The picture is hung on the wall above the toilet.
The sculpture is on a brown table, near a gray curtain and a transparent table.
The sink is near a bedroom and a corridor.
Exit the bathroom and turn left.  Head through the entrance room into the living room.  Stop in front of the rug under the two red coaches.
on the right of a sofa, in front of a window
The bed is next to a brown chair and a black and cubiod luggage.
under knives and the rice cooker, next to the fridge
There are many cabinets and sinks in the kitchen.
The clock is set near a painting and a brown and round table.
The flowers are in a bathroom.
kind of cramped and dim.
There are two same wooden ancient style chairs put at the entrance to the living room, which is placed close a wooden prop and close to the front door.
The telephone is in a living room.
Walk down the hallway keeping the pictures on the wall to your right.  Stop beside the Foosball table.
next to a storage cabinet, next to a carpet
The display is in a big office.
The lamp is settled in the corner of a study on the first floor.
in the pen holder,under the display and on the shell
A wardrobe is on its right side, and it face the window.
on a small table, between a small sofa and the window
The glass is set near a bigger conference room and next to the hall.
The vase was next to the door, next to the wall.
at the end of a hallway;
across from the staircase, below the clock
The broom is in the corner in a study.
next to the white washbasin and the carbinet, face a door
Turn ro your right and go pass the couch. Turn left and then turn right and stop by the couch.
below the mirror and the white lamps
The flower is beside the pool and mirror.
The chair is on a large balcony.
The flower is in the living room.
The restroom is on the left side of the stairs.
on the wall of a hallway which leads to a small bathing pool;
The drawer is in a toilet.
The washbasin is in a man washroom and there is another same washbasin on its right.
The lamp is in a large bedroom on the second floor.
The table is under a vase with red roses and on the left side of a red leather chair.
Go forward and take left and enter bedroom.
next to the bed, mext to the lamp
on the right side of the room,on the left of a whiteboard and behind a chair
The wooden chair is placed hard by the wallclose to brown carpet in the living roomwhich is clser to sofa.
The television is hanged on the center of the wall of the room
The bar has stairs in the corner and a small trashcan.
in opposite of bed and next to the table
The cactus is opposite to the reception counter and in front of the food bar.
The treadmill is in a gymnasium.
The door is located in the small bedroom.
The telephone is near a green bed and a tall lamp.
between a switch and a television, near a door
The sink is in the bathroom.
below the bed net, next to the window
There is another circle table put next to the glass door and the single chair can be saw from the door.
This bedroom is on the second floor, on the right of the stairs and in the end of the corridor. There is a washroom inside the bedroom.
walk away from closet, past sinks, turn right into bedroom, stop in front of doorway on right.
go straight down hall to archway on your left turn left and walk straight to first doorway on your right, stop in doorway.
Walk behind couch toward windows, turn left, walk past windows, stop at wood wall.
There are some paintings and a keyboard in the living room.
The wardrobe is in a man washroom.
The bread is in the food bar.
The lamp is on a black hollow table, next to a black telephone and opposite to a electronic keyboard.
Turn left and walk all the way down the hallway. Enter the room and stop at the rug facing outside.
There are three chairs with the same size and state on its right and five chairs with the same size and state opposite to the chair.
The shutter is settled in a wall, near a big painting and a white bed.
Start down the corridor going straight in the direction of the wooden floor grain. After you pass a kitchen on your left, look directly ahead. There will be a square opening directly ahead, and a doorway leading into a half bath. Go to the doorway for the half bath.
It was facing an identical chair with its back to the wall.
The curtain is near a white and yellow bed and a beige and black lamp.
on the third row of the bookcase, on the right of the television
near a big mirror, next to a spinning bike
in the middle of two different baskets; near three deck chairs.
The office is along the road to exit, around the corner of a junction of three roads and opposite to the single office.
There is a laptop and a lamp  on the table.
The book is placed in the hall.
The book is under a cap and on top of the table surrounded by three chairs.
next to another bed with the same color and shape, in front of a black and white wall painting, near the window
The bathroom is in the master bedroom and next to the cloakroom.
The sofa is located in the spacious livingroom.
The bed is by the window and by the toilet.
The vase is set in a brown cabinet and near a gray and black bed.
facing a black table, next to a lamp
Table near the balcony
Go up the three steps then pass the bed and go out the door on your left then wait there.
The office is opposite to a public working office and has a path leading to an exit on the left side.
Walk past the seat with a tapestry cover. Turn right and walk up the grey painted stairs. Walk straight ahead to the living area and wait in the middle of the room.
The plant is set in a pot on a yellow table with many yellow and black chairs around it.
The bottle is on a table and near two red chairs.
There is a sofa and a TV next to the attalea speciosa
The sofa is placed under the desk below the flower in the kitchen.
The sofa is next to another sofa with the same color and shape and behind the French window.
The bed is near a black platform and is in front of a dresser.
near two changing rooms;
on the right of a tea table, facing a long table
on the table and next to the plaid chair
The screen is set in a bedroom.
The sofa is on the left side of a red sofa, next to a green bed and near a white telephone.
The printer is near the stairs of the exit and near an empty office.
Go through the doorway to the left of the stairs and down the hallway and into the bedroom.  Walk past the bed and onto the patio.  Stop after stepping outside.
The table is near a kitchen and a dining room.
Exit the room through the only door with an arched, round design above it. Continue straight through the small hall and enter the next room. Stop once you reach the blue mat.
above a drawer, next to a bowl
The table is under a black television and a red lamp and near a gray and black bed.
The closestool is placed in the corner of a bashroom.
The sofa is placed in a white and big living room on the first floor.
under a printer, in front of some photos
next to a desk, facing a mirror
There is a mirror on the cabinet and a upholstered chair beside it.
The stool is set in the bright and spacious kitchen.
Pass through the living room archway and turn right, go through the center doorway, then into the bathroom. Stop and wait near the sink.
Turn around and walk straight ahead down the hallway in front of you. At the end, turn right to enter the room beside the door leading outside. Stop once you enter the door.
The chair is settled in a dining room on the first floor.
The plant is placed in a blue basin in front of a window and near a tall lamp.
in front of two elevators, next to a door
The cupboard is set in the kitchen.
The hall is at the left rear corner of the stairs.
The area is opposite to the locker room and the tea room,sharing a corridor to the exit and at a corner.
The bowl is set near a reading room and the hall.
Hanging on the armrest of the glass door by the bathtub, hang above the toilet.
The washroom has a door and a white hair dryer.
next to the staircase and the TV
The table is in a dining room.
The mirror is in a toilet.
Turn right at the staircase then walk up the two stone steps. Walk down the stairs by the curious cabinet. Stop next to the open doorway.
The table is near a corridor with a stair and a study.
Go into the bedroom. Go through the door on the left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Go down the hallway passed the stairs and living area with the wood table. Exit out into the backyard through the doorway.
The chair is on the right side of the same chair, on the second stage and near a row of medium size chairs.
This area has a fan in the center and two pictures on the wall.
The table is in a rest area.
between a swivel chair and a treadmill, near a big mirror
Head forward past the kitchen and take the first left at the dining table.  Wait in the hallway between the living room and dining room.
Walk around the right side of the table, through the pillars into the larger room.  Now go around the left side of the long table and stop in the middle of the room with the ping pong table to your right.
The calendar is on top of a box and near a corner, hanging on the wall.
The bed is near a corridor.
The cabinet is behind the door and beside the table.
The cabinet is on the right side of an oven and near a sink.
Turn around and walk towards the sofas. Turn left and walk past the first archway. Turn slightly left and walk past the second archway to the left. Wait by the table.
The chair is next to a small table and another chair.
inside a small room towards a door and against the wall.
The power switch is set beside the door of a kitchen.
across from the bed, next to the door
The chair is the third one in a row of chairs from left to right, on the opposite side of a door.
The sink is located at a corner of the bathroom.
The vase is on the table. The chairs are under the table.
a changing room with two mirrors on the wall;
The telephone is set below a black television and near a red sofa and a blue sofa.
The chair is near a living room.
Walk to piano. Make right. Wait at door next to piano.
The switch is near a toilet and a bedroom.
The pillow is set on a red sofa and at the left of another striped pillow.
with one towel on the backrest and the other on the cushion;
behind a bar facing two white stools.
next to the staircase and the doors
The chair is on the right side of a tall wooden carbinet and behind a round wooden table.
These pillows is on a sofa and near some vase.
over the shell,on the left of the black wall and behind a chair
Go up the stairs then turn left and go up the stairs on the left seven steps and stop.
There is a stool and reading lamp beside it.
The small bed is placed at the center of the small bedroom, which is opposite the white clothing cabinet.,
The towel is hung between the sink and the toilet in the bathroom.
The desk is set close to the wall of the hall.
next to the woody desks and the woody chair
The chair is in front of a big white fireplace and its left has two black sofas
Exit the en suite bathroom, bedroom and sitting area into the hall. Turn left and wait in the alcove by the fireplace.
The mirror is set in the hall.
there is another same sofa put nearby ,and the target is back facing a white cabinet.
The office is around the corner of a junction of three roads and on the left of the stairway door.
There are  four chairs with the same shape, material on its right .There are four chairs with the same shape, material opposite to it.
next to the glass door, on the right of the table, there are two pillows on it
The vase is beside the window, opposite the bathroom.
It was placed in the middle of a white table, which surrounded by five chairs
The painting is near a corridor and a living room.
A room with two identical bed and a small door in the shadows.
There is a cabinet with the same material, colour next to it and some wooden pillars in front of it.
The sofa is at the end of the corridor and in the rest area.
The switch is set near a painting, near a newspaper and on the opposite side of a door.
walk towards the picture on the wall and turn left, turn right, then wait near the bathroom.
The chair is under the table and a book.
The flower is placed in the corner of a kitchen with wood floor on the first floor.
The mirror is placed above the drawer and sink.
This bedroom has a massage bed and decorations which are on the wall.
The bed is in the center of a large and bright bedroom on the second floor.
The table is in the corner of a bedroom on the first floor.
The desk is underneath a ceiling lamp which has six yellow lights, surrounded by three wooden chairs with brown mat.
The bed is in the bedroom, which is the first room on the left hand side of the corridor after going up the stairs on the second floor.
The chair is set in the spacious office.
The door locker is located in a man washroom.
in front of a television, near a lamp and a table
Walk out of the room and turn left. Go past the wall sculpture and veer a little left. Keep going and wait in the doorway to the left of the mirror.
on the table, next to the window
The doorhand is located in a corner which is between the living room and the toilet.
The box is placed in a tearoom.
The photo is set in the bedroom.
on a black tray on the shell,on the left side of a box containing cards
Walk through the open doors and into the bedroom. Walk through the door on the other side of the bedroom passed the bed and lamp. Walk through the hallway and turn the corner. Walk to the entrance of the home and stop in the doorway.
deep inside the washroom;
The stool is near a big bed and a big window.
The sofa is in the living room.
next to a furnace, next to a picture
under the stone table, next to the glass door, among three stools and first from right
The study is facing a long corridor and next to a bashroom on the first floor.
The bookshelf is located on the corridor.
The television is set on a yellow and white table and near a gray and black bed.
Go up the stairs and take a right. Go straight and enter the room with the counters. Take a right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
The glass is placed in a small conference room.
The table is in the center of a small dining room with wood floor.
The sofa is on the right side of a same red sofa and in front of a window with red curtains.
against a big rounded bar; beside another three identical stools. near the huge pillar;
table there is a vase on it, and there are 7 chairs around it
The box is placed next to the gate and near the stairs.
The massage bed is put in a sauna.
facing a lamp, next to a table
The pool is outdoor.
The sink is put on the washing table in the big bathroom ,which is farther to the door.
the rest room is in a big bedroom which is in the end of a corridor and near a open-balcony
The towel is inside the bathroom.
move forward past the exercise equipment and exit the room through the doorway. Once outside the room, turn left and enter that doorway, then wait in that room.
The lamps are near a rest room and a corridor.
next to the door, next to the glass wall, under the glass window
The area is on the left side of the number 05 meeting room and behind the restaurant.
The laptop is face a bed and behind a wall painting.
The balcony is on the second floor of the villa, directly below the garden.
Pass the sink and leave the laundry room. Enter the kitchen, and take a left. Walk out of the kitchen through the door on the right. Take a left, and enter the bedroom through the first door on the right. Stop in the doorway.
The sofa is in the bedroom.
The bed is in a bedroom.
The table is in a living room.
The mirror is on the opposite side of a corridor with a wooden stair.
against a wall with a telephone.
Walk up the first set of stairs you see. Stop at the top of the stairs on the welcome mat.
The bathtub is located at a corner of the bedroom.
Exit the nook and turn right, then walk straight between the two rows of tables until you come even with a ping pong table with four chairs under it.
The fruits are set on a metal bowl, opposite to a box of paper towel and next to a big gray cabinet.
The chair is placed in a clean and bright living room.
in the middle of the whole wall
next to a picture, in front of a mirror
The small wooden chair is put at the corner outside the living room in the porch ,under a black handicraft.
Walk out of the kitchen and past the hallway door. Walk into the dining room and turn right. Stop by the piano.
The area is next to the staircase and corridor.
Walk straight ahead into the wood door in front of you. Once inside turn right and walk past the stairs. Turn right once you past the stairs and meet the wall with the painting. Enter the door on your left and stop facing the desk.
The bench in the living room.
next to a chair, facing a table
face a sofa, right under the thermostat.
lamp in the bedroom
The bedroom is next to the stairs and the master bedroom.
The stool is placed on the ground ,next to a black dustbin and a black chair.
next to the wall, below the lamp
faces a brown bed and a holder;below a mirror with golden frames;
on the wall, facing the balcony, on the washstand
next to the refrigerator, hung on the white wall
on the table, next to the vase, in the middle of two sofas, in front of a photo
next to a wine bottle, next to a drawer
face the black table and laptop, next to the window
Walk past the couches and through the arch and past the stairs on the right. Turn left and wait near the couches.
There is a lamp on the table and two chairs in front of the table.
The towel is near a vase and in front of a big mirror.
next to a woody bed, face a window with blue curtain
the laundry room is near a corridor and a bedroom/
the storage room is in the end of a corridor,which links a living room and the storage room.
The sofa is on the left side of the same one and in front of a window with red curtains.
right behind the corridor
The chair is in a living room.
The sink is near a white closetool and near a tall brown cabinet.
The dustbin is set near a bigger conference room and next to the hall.
The painting is above a black and golden table and near a vitreous vase.
above the television, under some books
With the stairs leading down to your left, move forward and climb the four steps to the higher porch. Continue forward and stand in the entrance to the building on your right.
The closestool is settled in a small washroom facing a bathroom.
The sofa is near a balcony and a dining room.
The chair  is  set in a small  room with a  red carpet.
The lamp is on the right side of a white bed, near a colorful painting and near a blue chair.
a long room equipped with a shower cubicle.
The gymnasium has three chandeliers and a swivel chair.
Enter the house through the patio doors and walk through the living room.  Then walk past the kitchen and enter the dinning room.  Wait near the table.
The vase is set in a corner ,next to a fire extinguisher and a door.
a big hall with a row of chairs and a big rounded bar in the center of it.
There is a yellow box on the right of sofa, and a carpet is under the sofa.
The desk is set near the central corridor of the hall.
The dining hall is next to the kitchen and the stairs.
The wood is uesd to make a fire in a study.
These lights are in a bathroom.
The area is located in a bedroom which has a rectangular balcony, a washroom and a toilet, and the cloakroom is next to the washroom and toilet.
The picture is in a living room.
The living room is on the first floor and next to a study.
The monocucle is placed in a reading room.
The chair is the third one in a row of chairs from right to left while facing to the chairs, behind a red leather sofa and opposite to a brown wooden desk.
Exit the bathroom and talk in front of the foot of the bed, exit the bedroom using the doorway on the left, begin to walk down the hall and turn left at the first hallway, walk through the doorway on the right and stop at the foot of the bed.
right opposite the door across a bed;
The salver is settled in the center of the living room.
on the left of the door, next to the picture
It lies in a bedroom which has two lamps in it.
Walk down the hall towards the red door.  When you get to the red door, turn left, and walk down the hallway.  Keep walking down the hallway, passing numerous doors on your left.  At the end of the hallway, stop in the corridor, in front of the office that's directly in front of you.
The kitchen is connected with the living room.
The kitchen is next to the diningroom.
The chair is settled in the middle of a study.
The area has a door and connects with a gymnasium.
The dustbin is in the number 365 reception room .
the open-balcont is near a living room and a rest room.
The loudspeaker box is set in the hall.
The telephone is near a corridor.
beside the door of the washing room; opposite a big box;
The poster is next to the power switch and the door.
The chairs are near a kitchen.
The area has a black hair dryer and a door.
The cabinet is under the table and sink.
There are some shelves on the wall and a lamp in the center in the study.
below the mirror and the lamp
The television is set opposite to a green bed and above a brown and black drawer.
The drawer is in the center of a kitchen with wood floor.
in front of a window with three bushs on it, face the microwave oven
on a door, next to a wall
Walk to the left of the stairs that go up and to the right of the fireplace. Continue straight and go outside through the double doors. Stop a couple of feet outside the door.
There is a landline phone above it and a cabinet next to it.
The box is set in the livingroom.
The drawer is near a bedroom and a bathroom.
The bed is put at the center of big bedroomwhich is placed close to the balcony, opposite the wooden cabinet.
Walk straight past the long white table and fireplace.  Once you reach the bar, continue straight through the double doors outside to the patio.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Walk down the hall, pass the cupboards, and pass the bedroom. Go to the room at the end of the hall and stop.
The bowl is in the corner of a kitchen with wood floor on the first floor.
there is a small bathroom
The bathrooom is next to the cloakroom in the master bedroom.
Turn around, go through the kitchen and up the stairs to the right. When at the top of the steps, turn to the left and go down the hallway. Top in front of the painting on the right wall.
The drawer is placed in the corner of a big living room next to a window.
Exit the laundry room. Turn left and take the first right. Go forward and stop near the green chair.
The telephone is near a toilet and a corridor.
The cabinet is the kitchen on the first floor.
The stove is in a living room.
This is a corridor near the door of the house, and there is a study room directly behind the chair.
The bed next to the drawer, near the chair. Three pillows on it.
The box is settled in the corner of a table in a study.
Go straight until you see a bed then turn left and left again to go into the hallway continue down the hallway that turns slightly right and go into the door on the left. Wait by the white chair.
close to a bathtub; faced with a sink below a mirror;
against the wall, between two bedrooms
The light is in front of a fan and there is the same light on the left of it.
The book is on the left of the counter and faces the entrance and the food bar at a slant.
It faces the wall and faces an identical chair.
The telephone is in a toilet on the first floor.
There are many pillows on the sofa, on the gray carpet.
The drawer is settled under a white and brown lamp and opposite to a gray and brown bed.
on the left of a plant,on the right of a table and opposite to a dustbin
on the left wall of the room;
There is a white desk next to  the  chairs and a picture next to  them.
The furnace is located in the spacious livingroom.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and there is a bashroom upstairs.
The door is located in a living room.
The radio is placed in front of a window and behine a  roll of paper towels.
walk past the bar and turn left then go stand a the bottom of the stairs.
in the center of this room.
The pillow is set in the bedroom.
The telephone is in a bedroom.
The book is set on a red benches and in front of a stone pillar.
Exit the room then turn right on the second door. Go straight into the door in the middle and wait by the table.
in front of the class wall and curtain,on the desk and on the left of the phone
The door is located at a corner of the bedroom.
above the coffee maker, facing the lamp
The study is facing the outside and connects with a bedroom.
the vase between the kitchen and the living room
The decorations are hanging in a gymnasium.
The cabinet is near a toilet.
There are some books and a blanket on the desk and a cabinet near it.
The lamp is set between two paintings and opposite to a gray and black bed.
The electronic keyboard is next to a black bookcase and opposite to a telephone and a lamp.
The towel hangs on the handrail of the door. Right to a gray towel and another blue towel.
The area is next to the staircase and the corridor.
The room is next to a row of lockers,behind the food bar and near the resting area.
Go to the table with the mirror above it. Go through the doorway to the left of the table. Continue to the fireplace and turn left.
Go into the dining area and walk past the small white bookshelves and keep going until you see some bookshelves under the stairs with a blue background.
This area is located at the corner of the hall.
Turn around and go up the stairs. Wait at the start of the second set of stairs by the switch on the wall.
The cabinet is in a tiny room.
The area is next to the living room and on the second floor.
a big hall with a big glass sliding door at the entrance;
The towel is inside the bedroom bathroom.
With the stairs to your left, move forward, parallel to the wood grain on the floor until you enter a room with a bed to your right and couch and fireplace to your left.
The table is surrounded by four beige and brown chairs, near a big television.
The table is placed near the hall and the gate.
on the left side of the timeglass on the shell,above some books and under the displayer
The bedroom is in the central of the corridor, on the second floor and on the left of the stairs.
It lies front of fake grass and a glass embeded in the stone wall.
on the right of the small table, next to the nightstand, under the picture
The washing machine is near a corridor.
Exit the room and turn right into the bedroom.  Walk through the room, past the painting of the girl, and go outside.  Stop near the chairs on the deck.
The chairs are set  near the corridor via the altar.
Walk toward the stairs and right out of the bathroom. Walk around to the other side of the tub and stop.
The drawer is in a storeroom on the second floor.
next to the green chair and the Union jack
The bush is in the dining room.
The bed at the end of the living room
The desk is set on the corridor of the hall.
The table is in the dining room and on the second floor.
on the left side of the big shelf and next to the glass wall
Turn left and go around the railing. Turn left again and go past the couches. Head straight until get near double doors on the right and stop there.
Exit the bedroom through the archway, turn right, pass the stairs and enter the archway on the right. Stop in the hallway and wait near the bathroom door.
A bed near the chair. The chair faces the window.
The painting is in a dining room.
The bedroom is on the right side of it
The paintings are set on a white wall, above a brown wooden table and near the stair.
a very wide and long corridor with many doors leading to different rooms
The office is nearly at the end of the corridor and faces the tea room at a slant.
The table is in a big living room.
Walk forward toward the dining chair. Then turn left and walk toward the brown door. Turn right and continue walking past the stairs and into the doorway. Turn left into the doorway to the left. Keep walking and stop in front of the doorway on your right.
The carbinet is in a corridor with a stair.
The sofa is located in a bright livingroom.
a quite big room with two identical beds.
below a black and white picture, next to a window
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the room using the door on the left. Wait there.
The  suit  case is  set on the corner  of  the  room.
The carbinet is in the study.
The towel is next to the brush and wine.
The area connects with a gymnasium and has some decorations.
on a black table, next to a vase
Make a left and stand in the door way to the hall. Make another left in the hall. Make another left into the room next door.
on the shell,on the left of a pink tray and under the display
The dustbin is set on the ground near a yellow table surrounded by fours yellow chairs and next to a brown box.
a room specially used for washing and with many sinks.
Exit the bedroom and go left down the hallway towards the three steps leading upwards. Climb those three steps and stop just prior to the painting on the wall towards your right.
There are two chairs with the same colour, shape on their right and a white desk near it.
The kitchen is on the third floor, next to the livingroom and next to the dining room.
The sofa is placed near a tearoom.
The fan is in a bedroom and above the bed.
kitchen next to a stone cylinder and swimming pool
You can see the stairs next to it.  It has a garden on one side and a swimming pool on the other.
between two long white desks,around a door of a single room and behind a big brown book shelf
The office is at the end of the corridor and seperated to a six person office by a glass wall.
There are two big tables and a wine cabinet on the opposite of the flower.
three cabinets around it;faces a black cabinet below a black mirror;
The box is placed near a stairs and a big conference room.
The picture is in the first row and the second column of the six pictures, before a white wall and near a cabinet with a silver ship.
next to a porcelain, next to boxes
The closestool is near a roll of paper and under a picture.
The sink is near a toilet and a corridor on the first floor.
The bedroom has two beds and connects with a gymnasium.
in the middle of two deck chairs and near a wooden door.
Walk down the room on the left side.  Stop in front of the big windows on the left looking out onto some marble columns outside.
next to the sofa, on the woody table
The drawer and lamp is on the left side of the bed
The lamp is in the living room.
The sofa is in front of a window, behind a blue patterned carpet and on the left side of a beige chair.
There is a potted plant on its left in a small bedroom.
next to the door, next to the wall,between the two bedside cupboards
there is a bathroom on the left side of the television.
This area has two washbasins and a large wardrobe.
The stove is located in the bright kitchen.
There are many glass bottles on the cabinet and two sofas are in front of it.
Tissue in the kitchen
The cabinet is in a kitchen.
The electronic keyboard is near a bedroom and a toilet.
next to the lamp and across the mirror
Walk past the desk toward the reclining chairs and turn left after passing the hollow squared wall. Walk down the hall and into the second door from the right. Stop just inside the door.
in the corner of the room
in front of a mirror, next to a fire place
The bookcase is in a bedroom.
exit the kitchen and go right. At the end of the hall turn right and go into the bedroom and wait there next to the guitar.
The gymnasium connects with a bedroom which is used to massage and two washrooms.
exit the room then walk forward then stop at the drum set instrument.
The picture is in the second row and the first column of the six pictures, before a white wall and near a cabinet.
Exit off and walk down hall, turn left at end of hall and wait near exit sign on ceiling.
The chair is placed in the corner of a wide and bright study.
The vase is under the pink flowers, near a white toilet and a white sink.
The cloakroom is in the master bedroom and next to the bathroom.
The vase is near a kitchen on the first floor.
The livingroom is on the first, next to the kitchen and next to the dining room.
There is a laundry basket and a wardrobe in a man washroom.
on a blue tray of a desk,next to a magazine and  surrounded by six chairs
Walk out of the room and take a left. Walk past the piano and wait next to the bookshelf.
The cabinet is in the kitchen on the first floor.
There is a sink and a toilet next to the flower.
The wall lamp is in a small massage bedroom.
The umberlla is in an office.
The stool is placed near a table with white top ,on the right of a wooden stool.
above the chair, next to another dining-table
against a wall, next to a wardrobe
The vase is near a corridor and a bathroom.
faced with a big table in the center of this room. in the middle of two screens.
between window and bed, on a cabinet with a book
Leave the bedroom, and go up the stairs. Take a right in front of the stairs, and go outside. Stop at the top of the stairs on the porch.
Go straight to exit the bathroom. Pass the red heart bench on the left then continue straight. Wait by the furniture with the stainless steel vase on the right.
in the hallway of a changing room with many lockers around it;
between the kitchen and the stairs, below five light bulbs
The drawer is in the corner of a kitchen on the first floor.
The bathroom is next to a cloakroom and has a small balcony.
next to the door, next to the chair
The table is set in a tearoom.
The fan is located on a corridor via a small room.
The lamp is inside the lounge.
The chair is in a small office whose number is 361.
The photo is settled near two colorful photos, below a yellow photo and near a black fitness equipment.
There is a washing machine placed and a lot of impurities placed in the hovel.
The bush is set in the balcony.
The area is near the balcony outside,next to a meeting office and behind the restaurant.
The chair is set on the right side of a stair and on the opposite side of the same chair.
There are some red cabinets near the desk.
next to the bed and another lamp with the same shape and color, face the door of the bathroom
the garden is near a balcony which is near a study room with a stari
The chair is placed behind the table next to the recliner in the room.
The photo is near a corridor and a storage room.
Walk across patio, stop at hanging basket chair.
The desk is located on one side of the corridor.
The notebook is on a desk of the 302 office.
back up to a row of deck chairs;
There are two washbasins and a hair drayer in this area.
next to several switches;near a big squared bed;
There is a bed under the picture and two table lamps
leaning against the window and the book shelf and on the right of a dustbin
The sofa is in the second floor and in front of the door which opens outwards.
The power switch is next to the stairs and the picture.
The store room is next to a bathroom and facing a corridor.
Mirror on the wall of the corridor
Turn to the right and walk towards the door passing by the cheetah painting.
The stair is behind a transparent table surrounded by transparent chairs and near a brown wooden table.
The cabinet is settled on the right side of a induction cooker and near a big table with a metal sink.
next to a black table with a laptop on it, in front of a carbinet
The living room is very spacious.
Exit the room and go straight until you get to the stairs. U Turn right and go out the door that leads to the outside and wait there.
The living room is next to the balcony and in front of the dining room.
Walk across kitchen to the stairs. Stop at bottom of stairs.
There's a pool on one side and an open kitchen on the other.
The table is on a carpet and has some flowers on it.
The bed is set underneath two skateboards and near a long white table.
hung on the wall, above the mirror
next the rounded and short table, below to three paintings
The oven is placed below the cabinet next to the microwave in the kitchen.
The gymnasium connect with two washrooms and massage bedrooms.
The decorations are settled above a brown table, a black and gray computer and near some paintings.
The bedroom is next to a long corridor and has a tiny balcony.
The chair is under the table and to the right of a chair.
The living room is next to a corridor on the first floor.
under a picture, next to two mirrors
Exit the bedroom and walk into the living room.  Walk past the sofa and stand near the double doors.
The chair is in a corridor on the second floor.
Walk past the mirror on your right, and continue to walk down the hallway. Walk into the room directly right of the doorway in front of you, and stop once you walk in.
It hangs on the roof and there is a roof light attached to it.
The office is at the corner is at the corner of the three fork road  and opposite to the room 356.
The double bed is set in the master bedroom.
in front of a wall paining, next to the stairs
beside a tall and transparent cabinet; faces the round table as the front desk of this whole bath center;
The oven is set in the bright kitchen.
The curtain is hanging in a study.
The sink is in a toilet.
leaning against the painting wall,opposite to the white pillar, on the left side of the path
Turn around and make a slight right turn through the doors, continue walking straight and go through the door that looks into the living room.
hung on the door, next to the towel
The office connects to the corridor leading to the exit and at the corner of a junction of three roads.
between two white tables with two lamps, next to a white wall painting
on the sofa, among three pillows and in the middle of them
walk through open door, turn left, walk toward fireplace turn right, go outside, stop outside doorway.
the kitchen is near a living room and a open-balcony
there is a stair in the corner of the study room and there is a balcony outside the study room
Turn right and walk towards the painting. Turn left and walk towards the pool table to your slight left. Walk towards the balcony and wait there.
With the bed on your left go forward and out of the room into the hallway. In the hallway take a right and go down the hall, keeping straight. Then take a right into the bedroom that is the first door on your right. Stop in the room just past the door on the inside of the doorway.
The master bedroom faces the balcony. Right below the room is the swimming pool.
The bedroom has decorations and a big mural on the wall.
next to the white bed and another lamp with the same color and shape, near the mirror
next to the chair, next to the closet
next to a white vase, next to the sink
A balcony is outside of the bedroom.
on the counter,on the right side of the box filled with cards and in front of an exit.
The table is near a dining room.
The picture is set on the corridor.
on the left of the baffle,in the cabinet drawer and under the display and some pens
The bed is in the center of a warm child-bedroom.
the study room is near a balcony and there is a stair in the corner in study room
faced with an advanced big machine;
Go down the stairs and turn right, walking past the piano and up the two steps. Continue forward and walk down the 5 steps. Stop when you get down the steps.
under the big table, in front of the stairs, among four stools and first from left
under the table, behind the sofa, among four stools and first from left
The mirror is next to the bathroom on the opposite of the bedroom door.
The refrigerator is in the kitchen.
The chairs are in a study.
under the white lamp, next to the window
under a lamp, next to a fire place
The bedroom is next to a long corridor, and there is a living room downstairs.
The tea room is next to an exit and opposite to a small resting area.
There is a brown cloth single sofa put nearby, and a big bookcase put front facing the balcony.
The chair is near a white tap and in front of a glass door.
Turn right down the hallway and go all the way until you reach the exit sign. Turn left near the exit sign and stop by the first set of doors.
Walk through the kitchen past the oven. Turn left, walk toward the table chairs and stop.
The area is next to the bathroom and the study.
two shower cubicles by side of the long hallway.
The chair is in a reception room on the first floor.
on the right of the oven, facing the cabinet
Turn right and then another right, walking to the end of the living room. Turn left after the table and stop in the doorway to outside.
Go to the bear rug on the floor. Go to the top of the staircase. Go to the toilet.
they are on a brown table and next to 6 chairs .
next to a wall, facing a door
The cactus is in front of the reception and opposite to the food bar.
Go straight until you get to the kitchen then turn right. Go up the three steps on the right and into the room on the left. Wait near the first row of couches.
The drawer is near a toilet.
next to a laundry basket, in front of a massage bed
To take left side and go and turn at right side first room.
in the first position of the left side of the room,next to two glass walls
in front of several boxes on the floor,leaning against the table,opposite to the gate
The vase is at the end of the living room
The living room is next to a corridor with wood floor and next to a small living room.
on the table, next to the vase, behind the photo
Walk forward, turn left, exit the house and wait near the pool.
The bed rested against a white wall. There were three pillows on the bed, one pure white, one with silver-gray stripes, and one with black spots.
The office is next to a relax area with sofa in it and connects to a road leading to the tea room and locker room.
on the wall, near a small bed
Walk past the couch, towards the white table, and go through the doorway. Turn left into room with sink and wait.
A wall behind it having a picture with Chinese characters;
There are many utensils on the table, There are many chairs near the table.
The master bedroom is next to the stairs with a bathroom and a cloakroom in it.
The stone is set in a tearoom.
There is a woody wardrobe near the fan and a fences near it.
The painting is above a brown and black drawer and near a gray and black bed.
There are many recliners, stools and desk in the balcony.
This area connects with washrooms and a bar.
It faces the pool and there is an identical chair on the left.
The vase is placed on the table against the wall.
The table is in a bedroom.
The shower is settled in the corner of a bathroom on the second floor.
The  fan  is set on a  corridior of the  hall.
There is a sink and a pot of flower above the drawer.
Keep walking forward and turn right to exit. Enter the kitchen, and keep walking forward passing the small corner table with four chairs on the right. Enter the corner where the staircase is visible, and stop in front of the stairs.
The towel is hanging on the iron ring above the sink.
The sofa is to the right of the three sofas and to the left of the door.
The glass is in a dining room.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and connected with a kitchen.
The door is set in the kitchen.
The  whiteboard is placed near a wall and the gate.
the bedroom is in the end of a corridor and  next to a open -balcony.
Turn left and walk down the hall. At the end of the corner turn right. Wait by the chair.
The sofa is set in the spacious office.
Exit the bathroom using the door on the left then continue straight and go slightly right to wait at the top of the stairs.
On the table are a greenplant and two containers with biscuits.
The table is placed in a bright and clean bedroom.
Walk forward in the room, make a right out the door, and then a sharp left turn followed by another right turn, stopping at the doorway.
The book is set on a brown desk which is close to the wall.
The shower is in a small bathroom on the second floor.
There is a dark color carpet placed on the floor of living roomand there are several sofas placed in it.
Pot culture in a black flower pot, next to the mirror
next to the woody table and green chairs
Walk out of the massage table room and into the open room ahead with a wood framed trellis on the ceiling. Walk towards the wall with the paintings with dripping paint design. Turn the corner and walk down the hall and into the room with lounge chairs with towels on them.
the bathroom is in a big bedroom which is in the end of a corridor and near a open-balcony.
on the carpet, around the table, facing the glass window, first from left
The stove is next to a beige long sofa, near a transparent oval table and a long black sofa.
The dining room is on the third floor, next to the kitchen and facing the washroom.
walk past the living room into the hallway. take a left then walk into the bedroom and wait by the bed.
next to the doors and the plaid chair
The cabinet is set in the kitchen.
The television is near a corridor and a laundry.
The flower is placed on the table against the wall facing the door.
The pillow is placed in a small bedroom.
The bike is in the big lobby.
The living room is in the first floor and has a tall shelf with some photos in the corner.
Walk past the water fountain and turn left. Walk to the doorway directly across from the stairs.  Stop in the doorway.
The stool is placed near a tea room and a big conference room.
on the wall, next to the stairs, among five pictures and third from left
The painting is in a bedroom on the second floor.
The washroom is inside the bedroom, which is on the left of the stairs, on the second floor and in the central of the corridor.
The stool is in a small meeting room with the number 02.
The bed is set in a small bedroom.
Turn around and walk towards the table with the plant on it.  Turn to the right and walk into the living room and stand just behind the couch and wait.
The table lamp is placed in a bright bedroom with grey-green walls.
Walk past the stairs and the blue counter top.  Go outside onto the deck and stop after stepping off the mat.
The chair is near a corridor.
The is a cupboard on its left. In front of it was a glass bottle with green apples in it
The book is set on a red bench in front of a stone pillar.
Walk past the laundry room into the office at the end of the hall. Wait in the office between the love seat and chair.
The chair is in a bedroom.
The tiny room connects with a living room, and there is a toolroom on the left of the tiny room.
The area is next to the living room.
The vase is near a corridor and a kitchen on the first floor.
The sprinkler is in a bathroom.
Leave the room, then take the left door in the next room.  Turn left and go all the way down the hallway into the walk-in closet.
Go left down the hallway toward the exit sign. Turn right and go down the hallway. Go into the door on the left and stop by the table.
a hallway leading to a small bathing pool;
below a wall lamp and a white telephone;
The office is on the side of a fork in the road and is opposite to an empty office.
The towel hangs in front of a shower room. Opposite to the towel is the glass washbasin with two small sinks.
The lamp is to the right of the mirror and to the left of the towel.
The chair is near a study.
The pillow is placed on a green sofa on the right side of a bed, next to a lamp.
Turn slightly to the left and walk through the door towards a purple chair. Past the chair turn slightly to the left and walk past the bed towards a glass door. Walk through the door and turn to the left to face a red abstract sculpture. Walk to the red sculpture.
There is a balcony outside  the living room and a big mirror inside ,but there is no TV.
The reading room is across to the number 05 meeting office and some boothes and behind the restaurant.
The painting is on the opposite side of a corridor and a art studio.
on the carpet, next to the stairs
Leave bedroom and turn left into hallway. Walk up three steps and stand next to painting on the wall.
Living room connected with balcony and gym
The picture is hung on the wall facing the column.
The mirror is in the middle of the two lamps, above the sink.
turn around and enter the lobby. go to the right and through the door. stop right past the door.
The drawer is set at the back of the bedroom,close to the wall.
The kitchen is on the first floor, next to the dining room and next to the livingroom.
Walk into the living room and through the doorway to the right of the fireplace. Wait inside the dining room door.
The area has a large swimming pool and a bath.
next to a table, facing a bed
in the center of the room
The decorations are near a dining room.
The chair is placed under the table and the flower.
the garden is near a balcony and the balcony is near a study room with a stair
liquor storeroom is near a corridor , a living room  and a washroom.
The chair is settled in the center of a dining room on the first floor.
The glasses are set opposite to a white and brown bed, two skateboards and two brassy lamps.
Behind it are curtains, There is a black and yellow painting on its right side.
The painting is in the second row and the third column of the six paintings, on the wall and above a red and brown chair.
The hand sink is settled in the corner of a bashroom.
The sofa is in a wide and clean bedroom.
The bedroom is in front of the bathroom on the third floor and next to the stairs.
Walk out of the room and make an immediate right.  Walk down the hallway and enter the first door on your right.  Wait here.
There is a mirror and a pot of flowers directly above it.
Leave the office and go left in the hallway. Stop before you reach the rug.
facing a window, next to a door
The lamp is settled in the corner of a bedroom on the second floor.
The kitchen is next to a small storeroom and there is a cloakroom upstairs
there is a basket on it and a cupboard on the right
The restroom is on the life side of the stairs.
Go straight and go up the steps. Walk past the 3 rocking chairs and enter the doorway on the right.
The plant is in a big resting area.
Go to the right and continue down the hallway. Turn left and then stop in the room with the green and white bed.
The bedroom is next to a long corridor on the second floor and there is a living room downstairs.
next to the brown sofa, in front of the wall painting
the open-balcony is near a living room and a kitchen.
The lamp is in a small office numbering 359.
face the French window, right above the switch.
Walk past the island and to the left. Walk through the entryway on the left and stop inside the bedroom.
Walk all the way down the hallway to the second exit sign.
The stool is on the carpet and beside the table.
There are many clothes and shoes in the closet.
The dustbin is placed in the hall.
The cabinet is in a big shared office with the number 363.
There are no small pillows on the chair, Facing two beach chairs.
The room is opposite to the locker,next to the exit and opposite to the resting area.
in the center of a cubicle.
The vase is placed on the table facing the balcony.
Below the sink is a cabinet, and it face another big cabinet. There is a mirror right above it.
This area is located on the corner of the hall.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the stairs and in the central of the corridor.
There's a small squared hall out of the room.
The chair is settled in a kitchen on the first floor.
the corridor is on the first floor and near a living room.
There is a big table and two chairs and ii is on the first floor in the study
The table is placed in the front desk.
The area is in the bedroom and on the third floor.
Exit bedroom, walk straight turning right at stairwell and enter bathroom on the left. Wait at toilet.
The chair is near a porch.
in the middle among the sofas,in front of the window
The area is next to the stairs, and a garden is outside.
The door is near a beige and metal sink and a gray washing machine.
near a swimming pool, on the wall
The lamp is near a white bed, on a bedside table and near a white cabinet.
There is a cabinet above. There is a toaster besides.
next to the table, under the chandelier
The sink is in a wide bashroom on the second floor.
There is a cooktop next to the cabinet, and there are knives below
The sofa is in a reception room.
The plant is set in a basin on a black box and near a black chair.
The chair is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
under the table, among four stools and second from left
surrounded by a bed and a bathtub
The bike is set near a tearoom.
The flowers are in a corridor.
The flower is placed in the vase on the table.
The office is near two junctions of three roads and opposite to an empty office.
in front of a mirror, next to a flower
The vase is near a bedroom.
The living room is next to the balcony and in front of the dining room on the second floor.
The painting is in the vast rest area.
next to the woody doors, below the mirror
The bedroom is on the first floor and next to the bedroom.
on the left of the innermost desks ,in front of a black cabinet and on the right side of the white cabinet
The switches are set in the staircase.
The chair is near a bathroom.
The photo is set in the bright livingroom.
There is  short desk near  the chair and a  picture near it.
The telephone in living room
Turn left and go through the open door. Go left into the hall and turn left. Go all the way to the end of the hall and stop in the open door.
on the handle , above the toilet
hanged on the wall of corridor
The sink is put on the washing table ,under a small tap close to the grey towel in the bathroom.
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and forth from left
under a book, under a vase
It was installed right next to the door to the second-floor balcony.
Exit the room via the door on the left.  After walking into the bigger room, turn left.  Walk a few steps and walk left again down the hallway.  When the hallway ends in a door, turn right and stand in the doorway of that room.
The umbrella is placed in a reading room.
beside a switch;below a mirror with double frames.
next to a door, on the third layer of the shelf
Walk through the hallway into the bedroom. Walk around the bed and out the door. Stop in front of the doorway to the bathroom.
The elevator is located in small bar.
at the corner of the changing room;beside a shower cubicle;
The study has a lamp in the center and shelves on the wall.
The piano is near a dining room.
The desk is in front of a tall mirror with yellow and white border and near a red round leather chair, and it has a glass box containing a sword, two crowns and a staff.
Walk  outside down the leftmost path until you reach a series of sculptures of a man diving.  Wait here.
The power switch is between the black button and the door.
the bedroom is on the right side of it
The bar has stairs in the corner and connects with a gymnasium.
The table is in the lounge.
in front of a picture, next to a sofa
next to the table, next to the window, among three chairs and in middle of them
in the bathroom
Go through the doorway to the room with the sink and follow the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Wait at the bedroom door.
The fan is set  on a corridor which is along the wall.
The toilet is set opposite to a white sink and near a brown and blue drawer.
The plant is set in the rest area.
There are two tables, a sofa and recliner in the room.
The lamp hung on the wall and to the left of the door.
The stool is between the column and the table.
The chair is under the table and beside the two chairs.
beside the bed, next to the window
This area connects with a gymnasium and has some decorations.
walk left across church to center aisle, turn left towards big glass window, take two steps and turn right, continue across room and stop in front of wall of wooden cabinets.
A small pool is next to it. Two deck chairs face the pool. A table surrounded with several chairs near it.
The sofa is near the balcony, near the bookcase.
The corridor is on the second floor and has two stairs and some rooms.
The sofa is besides. The flower is on the sofa.
next to the washbasin, over against the bed
Turn around and walk straight. Turn into the room on the left with the black desk and big window. Stop by the rug.
at the left side of this room
The drawer is placed below the picture next to the chair in the room.
the washroom is next to a stair,a living room and a rest room.
The vase is settled on a brown table and near a brown sink.
The laptop is in a big office that is large enough for six people to work.
The area is on the second floor and next to the staircase and corridor.
near the mazarine bed and another lamp with the same color and shape, next to a long wall painting
The dustbin is under a white desk and in front of the root of the chair.
Take a left and walk through the doorway. Walk through the bathroom and into the bedroom. Wait next to the bed.
at the entrance of the big hall.
The toilet is in a toilet on the first floor.
on the small table and below the picture
The dustbin is on the right of a white huge pillar and face the corridor at a slant.
The decorations are in a living room.
between a painting and a hand sink
The living room is on the first floor and has a big sofa on the carpet.
The sofa is placed in front of the table in the living room.
The bar has decorations on the wall and stairs in the corner.
The toilet is located in the washroom.
There are  one chair with the same size and state on its left and three chairs with the same shape, material on its right .There are four chairs with the same shape, material opposite to it.
The cabinet is above the eggs and the table.
Turn right to walk down the bannister toward the desks. Walk past the desks down the hall. At the feather art on the wall, turn right. Walk down the hall. Stop in front of the first door on the right.
The painting is opposite to a big meeting room and behind the restaurant.
The gym is facing a long corridor and is next to a bashroom.
Exit the bathroom, go past the bath and through the doorway, down the hall past the sink, past the doors, into the bedroom, and turn right to exit the bedroom. Stop at thte top of the stairs.
The picture is in the second row and second column of the six pictures and near a cabinet with a silver ship.
counting from left to right, the third one;
Walk up the stairs and continue straight. Turn right and walk into the sitting room. Wait by the doorway.
There is a big bed and painting in the bedroom.
Turn around and exit on to the terrace. Cross the grey couches and turn left to enter the house gain.
next to the stove and the window
Turn right and move forward to the table in front of the fireplace. Turn right again and move foward past the table. Next, turn left and move towards the fireplace. Move just past the right edge of the fireplace and stop in front of the double doors.
The chair is between the cabinet and a desk and faces the gate.
Go straight and when you get to a large room turn right and head down the hallway then turn right when you get to a white and blue painting on the wall. Then turn left into the room on the left and wait at the entrance.
The bench is placed against the wall below the picture.
From the bottom of the stairs take a right, going past the kitchen in to the hallway. Take a right at the first bedroom and enter, stopping just in the doorway.
The kitchen is on the second floor and next to the dining room.
the bedroom has a washroom and is in the end of a corridor which is near another bedroom   and rest room
the bedroom is on the left side of it
A blacj cabinet is placed at the corner of the dining room ,which is under a picture of tiger.
The sofa is in front of two doors and connects with a balcony via a glass door.
The chair is settled next to a square wooden table and near a black television.
Turn around.  Walk out of the room, turn to the right and walk through the doorway.  Turn to the left and go through a small hallway, into a bedroom.  Stop right there.
beside a big open basket; opposite a mirror above a table;
Walk forward and enter the door on your right. Once inside the house, Turn right and walk to the doorway on your right that leads to more doors and stop.
Move through pool room door into the sitting area. Move straight through sitting area. Move through door into hallway, turn right, move straight forward down hallway into the locker room. Wait inside locker room.
The bed is set near two black screens, below two paintings and near a black fitness equipment.
The poster is placed on the opposite of the wall next to the door.
hung on the wall behind the open door; above a socket.
The dining room is on the third floor, next to a balcony and the kitchen and facing the washroom.
Walk over the welcoming PGI HOMES mats and enter the building, go past the chairs and couches on your left. go through the entrance and wait by the plants.
below a wall lamp; beside a wastebasket;
The drawer is settled in the corner of a kitchen on the first floor.
The sink is placed in the corner of a small bathroom.
next to the window, over against the bed
on the right of a big box; beside the sliding door;
walk into the house with the pool on your left.  stop at the black strip of tile on the floor.
in the center of this small hall;
on the left of the bed, on the nightstand, next to the window
Connecting the living room and bedroom
The dining room is next to a kitchen and a small dining room.
The vase is placed in the corridor.
The towel is placed below the picture next to the towel.
next to a chair, facing a black table
move forward in front of the television. turn left and exit the room.  go down hallway and step into the bedroom on the left.
The painting is near a balcony and a dining room.
there is study next to the dinning room.
a men's changing room.
The chair is set in the middle of the dining room.
under a bottle, next to a gas stove
There is a small black handicraft put on the cabinet, and the glass door is close to it
on the wall, in front of a curtain
across from the bed and next to the wall
The bedroom is at the end of the left turn behind the stairs.
The table is placed next to a black box with a bundle of black wire on it
on the left of a wheel,on the third row of the shell that's on the left of the corridor door and under a white model
The computer is on a white office table , in front of a black chair and at the side of a short cabinet.
The chair is in a small office for four poeple working in.
The bookcase is put next to the door ,which is front facing the balcony in the relaxing area.
Picture between the living room stairs and bedroom, opposite the toilet
Tap in the kitchen
a room with another door leading to another place.
There is a sink on the opposite and a wine cabinet on the other side.
The chair is in front of a telescope and near a wooden desk which has a lamp on it.
in front of a pillow,in front of four screens and on the left of the wooden shelf
facing the door, next to nightstand
opposite a big mirror; next to a box;
The study has four doors and connects with the outside via a door.
Pass the stairs on the right and then pass the fireplace on the left. The pass the bar on the right and wait right outside of the double doors.
The closetool is near a bedroom and a laundry.
This area has lots of benches on each side of the corridor .
The chair is placed on the first floor in a big dining room.
Turn around and go to the end of the hallway where the plant is and turn left to enter the bedroom. Once in the bedroom turn left to enter the bathroom. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
The sculpture is in a dining room.
The desk is in a corridor.
facing the washroom's door, under the mirror
The pool is next to a corridor.
The stool is placed under a yellow table and behind an apple computer.
Go through the door, turn left and go through the other door. Then turn left again, follow the hallway and continue down. Turn left one more time for the bathroom and stop.
The sofa is placed under the desk below the flower.
below a mirror with double yellow rims; beside two identical sinks and mirrors;opposite a urinal;
The lamp is in the study.
The cup is set in a small kitchen.
next to a trashcan, in front of a bar counter
above a washbasin and a carbinet, under the window
The table is outside.
next to the refrigerator, next to a white door
Walk towards the cabinets and take a left. Walk through the doorway and take a right. Walk through another doorway. Walk up the stairs and wait by the rocking chair.
The table is near a green sofa, in front of a beige cabinet and near a television.
on the carpet, in the middle of two nightstands, next to the window
next to the blue bed and another lamp with the same color and shape, near the black wall painting
Walk up the stairs and make a right at the end of the hall. Go into the sitting room at the end of that hall and wait.
Walk past the stairs and down the hall. Walk into the right bedroom at the end of the hall and stop.
near a white fence at the corner of the hall.
The area is next to the staircase and the corridors and on the second floor.
The cabinet is at the bottom left of the sink and to the right of the oven.
The picture is set in the spacious office.
There is a set of sofa and table outside the door.
Between a door and a painting, facing another painting.
The office is in front of a corridor door and next to the tea room.
a room for massage;
against a wall, above a trashcan
The cabinet is under a paper and an envelope,behind the big working desk and on the left side of the telephone.
This bedroom is located at the end of the right turn on the second floor, opposite a storage room.
Go straight towards the flower in the pot. Turn left right before the flower pot. Then turn right and go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom facing 2 doorways.
Exit the office and go straight until you get to the end of the hallway then turn left and wait there by the door on the left.
There are two tables, sofa and recliner in the room.
The office is along the corridor connecting the tea room and the restaurant and in front of some meeting room.
The chair is near a rest room and a corridor.
The cabinet is in a study.
Turn around and walk out the door to the left of the TV. Once out turn left and walk forward past the bookshelf and turn left.  Walk all the way down the hallway and into the door at the end. Stop once inside the closet.
The fitness equipment is near a corridor.
under a list of bulb, above the sink
The pillow is placed in a reading room.
Exit the bedroom and walk down the hallway. Turn left and stand at the entrance of the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
on the table, next to a box
The area is next to the staircase and on the third floor.
The livingroom is on the first and next to the kitchen and dining room.
The tissue is in a bathroom.
The nearest area is the living room.
The table is placed next to the sofa in the living room.
The pillow is in a bedroom on the second floor.
Walk towards the kitchen and into the pantry. Go through the pantry into the dining room and take a left. Stop outside of the wine room.
The table is in the kitchen on the first floor.
The chair is set before a wooden brown desk under a ceiling lamp with yellow light and opposite to a beige floriated sofa in the living room.
The telephone is on the left side of a gray and black bed and near a white and brown lamp and a brown and black drawer.
You should go through the front door and go through the first entryway on the right. Once you go through the doorway walk to the carpet and wait.
The sink is embedded in the black washing table outside the big bedroom ,close to the relaxing area.
The picture is placed in the corner of a bright living room on the first floor.
The sofa is close to two yellow chairs, and stand against the wall.
tap in the bedroom
The whiteboard is placed near a lowhiteboardudspeaker box and a book shelf.
The desk is in a study.
in front of some bikes,opposite to a black sofa and faces a little desk
The switch is in a corridor.
The flower is placed in the corner of a bathroom.
Turn right and exit the bathroom into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom turn right and walk to the door leading out on your right. Once out the door turn left and walk to the top of the stairs and stop.
The lamp is on the table and beside the window.
Take a left, and walk down the red carpet. Then take a right down the carpet walkway, the first to your right and stop.
close to a shelf, in the corner
The area is next to the study and the bathroom.
The bedroom is on the second floor and on the left side of the corridor when go upstairs.
The photo is near a corridor and a toilet.
The stool is placed in the front desk.
on the wall of the bathroom , next to the toilet
next to the closestool, near the window
The picture is near a corridor and a study.
walk away from the bed down the marble hall, past the bathroom on your right and stairs on your left. Turn left and walk down the hall to the right of the stairs. Pass through a doorway, and walk to the foot of the bed and stop.
The cabinet is under the many books and near a black sofa.
The reading hall is behind the restaurant and near a meeting room and some boothes.
The lights are located at a corner of the bathroom.
The painting is near a toilet and a bedroom.
walk past the yellow chairs at the island, turn left towards the stairs, stop at the base of the stairs.
under two plants,on the first row and the fourth column from left to right of the long book shelf
the corridor links a living room and a stair and a storage room.
turn right towards hallway out of kitchen in hallway turn right to bathroom, stop in doorway facing sink.
The model plane is in a meeting room that has the number 05.
in front of the shell,close to the glass wall and the gate
The balcony is on the second floor of the villa, directly below the garden
There are quilts which be decorated by many flowers on the double bed and the double bed is between two lamps.
on the wall, among three pictures and first from right
on the wall, near two massage beds
The stool is set in tha hall.
Exit the kitchen area via the doorway to your slight left. Walk across the dining table area. Turn right and walk past the blue chair/sofa by the Christmas tree. Wait there.
beside a hair dryer on the wall and a brown basket on the floor; below a long mirror with black rims;
The toilet is in a bathroom.
The book is in the vast resting area.
under the desk,next to the chair
The television is set on the opposite side of a colorful painting and a big beige sofa.
The picture is placed on the wall on the opposite of the sofa.
The office is on the first floor and next to the livingroom.
Turn right and exit the bedroom and pass the door on the left. Enter the living room area on the left and turn left. Wait by the door and table.
The mouse is on a desk of a big office with a number 302.
The study has a fan in the center and two pictures on the wall.
The flower is in the lounge.
Walk alongside the staircase through the hall towards the backdoor of the home. Turn the corner into the living room area with couches.
The stove is in the kitchen on the ground floor.
The light is on the ceiling of a big living room.
The hall is on the second floor.
The table is placed  next to a yellow table and a brown box.
The desk is surrounded by a lot of red chairs and next to a picture on the wall.
There is a table in front of the picture, and there are candies on the table
a elevator on its left, near the stairs
There is a living room in front of the flower
The bed is near a small, tall and black table and under a white blanket with royal emblem pattern.
The lamp is in a living room.
The computer is put on a table. Near the computer is a chair.
The chair is near a living room and a white corridor.
behind the door, in front of the glass wall and on the left of the pillar
next to a table, in front of a bed
With the bed behind you, exit the room through the door ahead of you, taking a dogleg to the left and heading towards the short flight of five steps. After climbing the steps, veer slightly left and pass by the opening on your left, heading towards a door leading outside. Stop once you pass through that door opening.
The mirrors are in a living room.
Take a left and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
The small desk is placed close to a single sofa at the coner in the living room.
The table is on the first floor living room.
The stool is in a small meeting room with the number of 03.
table In the living room
The chair is settled near a beige leather sofa, in front of a black wooden screen and near a small black bookshelf.
There is a carpet put on the ground in front of two chairs, and a big living room is close to the target.
The table is put in a small bar.
The reception is opposite to the entrance,in front of the resting area and the food bar.
The bath is in a bathroom.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and is next to a balcony.
The glass jar is placed on a cabinet,in front of a window.
Turn around and go down the entranceway, heading toward the staircase. Turn to your left and walk past the staircase to the open door way. Stop near the front of the doorway to the hall.
on the table, behind the photo
The sofa is set near a white sofa, near a black television and next to a black table.
The mirror is in a bedroom.
The box is placed in the hall.
The penholder is put on the table in a study.
on second the shell of the cabinet,on the right side of the display
The bathtub near a washing basin and under a window.
The chair is next to a round table under a white hollow-out tablecloth, on the left side of a tall brown mirror and behind a tiger skin rug.
The recliner and the table is in front of the drawer.
living room is near the dining room and the kitchen
the dining room is near a living room and a stair
The drawer is placed below the oven near the floor in the kitchen.
The chair is put in the big living room, which is back facing the big glass door to the balcony, and there are two white pillows put on it.
The shutter is in a bedroom.
The dustbin is on the left side of two stools,on the right of the desk and under the document holder.
next to the bed and the curtains
Go through the middle of the room, make a right and go passed the stairs on your right and into the bedroom doorway and wait.
The model is in the vast rest area.
The plant is opposite to a meeting room and some boothes.
The chair is in an empty room 345.
Walk forward to the end of the hall, then turn left.  Enter the bedroom and wait near the chair.
Go left down the hall. Continue to the stairs.
next to a black box on the desk and surrounded by seven chairs
The sofa is placed near a bedroom and a tearoom.
on the left of a chair, next to a column
There is a door and some pictures next to the power switch.
The photo frame is placed near a big conference room and a small conference room.
The bed is on a carpet and between two table lamps.
next to the glass door, next to the stairs
The vase is in a white and small bashroom.
The bedroom is behind a blue wall painting and near the stairs on the third floor.
There is a mirror behind the light, and the plant is under the light.
The fitness equipment is in a bedroom.
The box is near a table with a green top, on top of a box, against the wall.
in front of a table, on the second layer of the shelf
below four spotlights;back up to a shower room and a cabinet;
a small space used as a restroom.
Walk out of the laundry room and turn left. Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Stop just inside the closet.
the living room is near a dining room , a kitchen and a corridor.
Exit the bathroom and walk past the stairs. Turn right and walk past the dinning room table. Stand near the patio doorway.
the washroom is near a bedroom and next to a stari.
The box is set under a black board and stand against a wall.
The kitchen is next to a storeroom and there is a cloakroom upstairs.
This area has  a woody statue  and  a picture.
The telephone is near the stairs and opposite the kitchen
next to the staircase, next to the door which outside is the garden
The sofa is opposite to a white corridor.
Turn right and walk across the bed. Turn slightly left and exit the bedroom. Walk towards the sofa and wait there.
This is in a living room.
The curtain is near a kitchen.
There is a toilet, mirror and sink in the toilet.
Walk into the dining room and continue past the table. Turn left when you see an opening and walk through the living room.Walk through the living room and continue past the next opening. Stop when you enter the opening.
The chair is settled in the center of a large bedroom.
The sofa is set in a reading room.
Tissue between the living room stairs and the bedroom
Head forward toward stairs make a right, head forward, then make a slight right and enter bedroom, and wait.
It lies on the head of the bed,below an air conditioning.
The washbasin is located in a man washroom.
next to a door, below a hand sink
There is a television and a DVD in the front of the living room.
The telephone is on a stool with a lamp next to it
The pillow is placed near a tearoom.
The staircase is on the first floor and next to the livingroom.
The kitchen is next to the balcony, next to the dining room and on the third floor.
Walk down the corridor and wait at the end, near the exit sign.
The door is near a corridor with a wooden stair.
The laptop is set in the study on the second floor.
The chair is in a study.
at the corner of this room;
Exit the room and go past the sink and the tub, exit the bathroom and when you get to the dresser with two old suitcases wait there.
The jar is set on a yellow table ,in front of a sofa.
there are curtains close to the glass door, and the glass door is opposite the white bed.
next to the woody doors, below the white towels
The dustbin is placed next to the hall and near a reading room.
a room with two identical beds and a bathtub.
It has the main bedroom on one side and the laundry on the other.
Turn 180 degrees so that the sunken seating area is on your left and the stairs going up are to your right. Proceed forward a short distance in the direction of the double doors, passing two arm-less white chairs. Stop just after passing the second white chair and before you enter the room with the double doors. There will be an opening leading to a dining area directly to the right and a seating area with white chairs and a circular coffee table directly to the left. Stop.
There are two washing machines nearby, Below the sink is a cabinet
The bedroom is on the first bedroom and next to the kitchen.
There are three chandeliers and a treadmill in this gymnasium.
The chair is located is spacious and bright bedroom.
The printer is set behind a yellow table surrounded by four chairs ,between two walls.
The stove is near a balcony and a dining room.
on the middle of two nightstands, facing the television
Two same triangle glass tea tables are put in the center of the big living room, on a big rectangle carpet.
The cup is in the number 361 small office.
The chair is set in a kitchen.
It faces a black round table and is near a black sofa.
next to the glass wall, on the left of the table
The stool is set in the bright kitchen.
The curtain is in the number 5 meeting room.
below a squared decorative picture; in the middle of two identical end tables;
Exit laundry room and turn left.  Go down stairs.  At the bottom of the stairs turn right and then go straight into the bedroom.  Stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
The stapler is in a big office.
Walk out of the office room and turn right. Take another right into the empty room and wait there.
The living room is next to the kitchen and the bedroom.
Exit the hotel room and wait in the hall.
Tissue In the bathroom
There is a balcony in the bedroom and the door is not very big.
The bedroom is located on the left of the stairs and next to the restroom.
The telephone is near a bedroom and a toilet.
Walk down the hallway with the washer and dryer on your right, walk all the way to the end. Walk through the doorway that is to the left of the sink, Stop immediatly once reach the doorway on the left that leads into the room with the table.
The display is placed in a big conference room.
The recline is located in the spacious courtyard.
There is an identical sofa on its left, a pillow is put on it.
There are two books on the table and two sofas near it.
The sofa is in a big restaurant.
Turn left and wait by the counter that has the silver vase on it.
With the dining table on your right and ahead of you, exit the room through the opening to your left, then continue down the hallway to your right. At the end of the hallway, turn left and continue forward. Just before the end of the hallway with the pictures of a young girl and boy on the wall, take a dogleg to the left and enter the bedroom. Walk past the foot of the bed and enter the bathroom to the right of the head of the bed.
the laundry room is in the washroom,which is near a corridor and a rest room
Walk through the kitchen passed the stove and sink, turn right after the island and walk towards the couch. Turn left and the couch and walk towards the dining room table, stop before the table.
The sofa is next to a small table under a green plant and near a transparent table surrounded by six orange chairs.
Walk down the narrow hall to the door and out the door  Walk into the main room turn past some pictures on the wall and through the door into a locker room and wait.
The carbinet is settled on the right side of a red leather chair and on the opposite side of a round wooden table under a vase.
The wooden cabinet is placed at the corner of the detached bedroom, which is close to the glass door to the balcony.
the living room is next to a rest room ,a dining room and a balcony.
in a red box,on the white desk,on the right side of a box full of scattered stationery
beside the other similar stool; beside the drinking dispenser;
The washroom is inside the bedroom, which is on the second floor and on the left of the corridor when go upstairs.
The painting is set opposite to a green and blue painting and near a white and beige stair.
the bedroom is next to the corridor and the corridor is near the living room
next to a corridor inside the women's changing room.
on the left of the table, in front of the bush
a narrow washroom by side of the hallway;
This area has some red cabinets and brown desks.
The cabinet is placed above the microwave and the toaster near the toilet.
The mirror is placed next to a bedroom and a tearoom.
The sofa is settled in the living room and on a carpet.
The screen is set on the right side of a black screen and near a black fitness equipment.
It has a plant and two books on the lower left, a glass bottle and a calendar on the right, and a display below.
The corridor is on the second floor, has two stairs and some rooms beside it.
towards two similar decorative pictures.beside a sink;
The lamp is placed in the corner of a small and bright bedroom.
next to the table, next to the window, among three chairs and first from right
behind a shelter, facing a door
The sofa is underneath a cloth with white hollowed-out pattern and two pillows, near a red and brown chair and a brown wooden table.
The living is next to a washroom and connect with a dining through a corridor.
The desk is set in front of lots of benches.
The chair is set near a big table with a metal sink and in front of a big gray cabinet.
The dining is next to a kitchen and a corridor.
The balcony is in front of the courtyard with a swimming pool and have two French door.
on the cabinet , next to the wall
The meeting room is at the corner of the three fork road,opposite to an empty big room and has a road connecting to the rest area.
Turn toward the mirror, and go out of the door on the left. Walk straight forward and go into the room straight across. Stop before you enter the room at the end of the hall.
The bed is near the study and a wooden stair which in the corridor.
The cabinet is placed below the cupboard in the kitchen.
The windows are located in the bright bedroom.
There's an exact same outlet to the right of it, On its left there is a cooker and a dish with pears
The picture is hung on the wall above the guitar.
The television is set near two black screens and near a big black fitness equipment.
The sofa is placed under the desk below the flower in the living room.
Walk past the bed and continue forward, turning left at the first turn and stop at the door.
With the red ropes behind you, walk straight along the red carpet until you get to the big room with more red ropes.  Stop at the top of the stairs just before passing the two middle columns.
The yard is opposite the bed and the living room is next to it
The lamp is in front of the dining room and next to the stairs.
There are a spinning bike and a treadmill in this gymnasium.
The drawer is under the towel and brush.
The stool is next to a big bed and near two sockets.
The stove is in a kitchen.
The sink is in a glass washbasin in a bathroom.
next to the table, next to the window, on the left of the main entrance when facing outside
by side of the swimming pool;
The book is in a small and crowded working office of the number 365 that only has the room for one person working.
The painting is settled on a black wooden bookshelf, on the left side of a monochrome and below six paintings.
walk past the sofa, turn left, then walk outside and stand on the door mat and wait.
The fan is set in front of a stone pillar and next to some green books.
picture near the corridor connecting the gym
The lamp is in a corridor.
The sculpture is near a kitchen.
The painting is set near a black and round clock and near a brown and round table.
Turn so you are looking down a long hallways with a red carpet.  Walk down the carpet towards the window until you reach the middle of the first room you come to.  Keep walking until the red carpet splits off to the right.  Turn there and take a few step forward then stop at the top of the staircase leading down to another floor.
The living room is opposite the cabinet
The bathroom is between a gym and a bedroom and faces a corridor.
The chair is at the corner of a living room.
in the center of the room.
The hinge is on a wall in a washroom.
There is another big sofa close to the target ,and two same tea tables are put in front of the white sofa,
There is a kitchen behind it.
Exit bathroom through door.  Walk to chair on balcony.  Wait here.
The lamp is in the utility room.
The flower is placed between the sink and the toilet.
The meeting room is opposite to the gate of a big meeting room and next to a room forbidden to entry.
on the wall,next to the brown shell and between the balcony and the meeting area.
There is a cyan carpet on the left of the vase and water pipes on the right of it.
The photo is settled next to a white and red bed and some books and near a black fitness equipment.
The glasses are settled behind a beige long sofa, near a red painting and a black stove.
The kitchen is on the first floor and next to livingroom.
next to the glass door, on the left of the picture
The study has a lot of books and connects with the outside.
on the carpet, facing the picture, next to the door
on the right of the door, next to the safe
There is a big set of sofa, chairs and tables in the living room.
A bottle of flowers and some fruits were placed on the table.
The television is near a bedroom.
It locates at the innermost position below the stairs
Go through the first open doorway on your left. Walk down the hall and into the large dining room with two large round tables in the middle of the room.  Go through the double doors leading to the outside located on your right. Stand and wait just outside on the covered porch.
Walk straight and exit out the door to your right. Once in the room, walk to the left of the pool table and keep walking left until you reach a bedroom door. Stop at the doorway looking into the room.
The photo is set in a bookcase, below a blue photo and near a fitness equipment.
The table is set in the middle of the kitchen.
The table is placed facing the balcony.
The stool is set near a small conference and the gate.
The mirror is set in a bedroom with a blue carpet.
Right under the mirror. There is a sink on its right.
The vase is in the lounge on the first floor.
The chair is settled in the corner of a bedroom on the first floor.
The office is along the road to the stairs of the exit and close to the corner of a junction of three roads.
The stool is placed under a table with green top ,on the right of a yellow stool and near a racket.
next to two sofas, in front of a mirror
The lamp is in a white and bright bathroom.
The vase is near a towel and in front of a big mirror.
The bed is settled in a spacious and bright bedroom.
There is a small white cabinet put next to the glass door ,and a white sofa put close to it.
Walk past the coffee table and through the entryway. Walk through the entryway across from the stairs and stop in from of the armoire.
The stool is in the parlor on the first floor.
Leave the bathroom, make a slight left, walk through the bedroom, leave the bedroom, and wait.
near decorations, next to a potted plant
The photo is near a corridor.
The painting is near a white and brassy lamp and a green bed.
The telephone is in an office whose number is 359.
The area is in a bedroom which is on the third floor
next to the woody doors and the mirror
The chair is on the left side of a black bookshelf under a sculpture and two photos, on the right side of a same chair and below two pictures.
The table is next to the white chair and in front of the wall painting.
next to the door, below the picture frames
on the floor, next to the sofa, next to the window
Exit the bathroom through the door into the hallway.  Turn left and go down the hallway as far as you can, passing by a door on your right hand side.  When you reach the end of the hallway there is a painting of two men, turn left and walk forward to the opening of the kitchen.  Locate the corner of the island without chairs and stop 2 feet from that corner looking into the kitchen.
near a massgive bed, next to the decorations
The bowl is in a kitchen with wood floor on the first floor.
a well-decorated room within sinks, toilets and  two shower cubicles.
The cabinet is near a rest room and a corridor.
The curtain is near a balcony and a dining room.
there are a bathroom on the right of it
There is a pot of flower, desk and some chairs on the opposite.
next to a furnace, against a wall
hung on the wall, across the picture
next to a short chair,in front of the pillar and a book shelf
The guitar is on the right side of a beige and brown lamp and a black telephone, and near a blue and white bed.
next to the bed, mext to the telephone
at the entrance of the bath center.
The closestool is in the corner of a large bathroom.
There is a big sofa on a carpet and a small lamp in the corner in the living room.
The books are in a big living room.
The cabinet is between the ceiling and the refrigerator.
The drawer is placed below the cabinet in the kitchen.
There is a pot of flower, desk and chairs on the opposite.
The power switch is in the laundry room.
on a microwave, next to a cupboard
The stove is near a corridor and a toilet.
The book is in the middle of the desk,on the right of a pen container and in front of a chair.
a small recieption in front of the massage areas.
The stool is set near a lareger conference room and next to the hall.
next to a mirror and toiletries, in front of a Frence door
There is a fan in the center of the study and the study is next to a living room.
in the middle of two sofas, there are two vases and two photos on it
almost in the middle of two sinks.
The reading area is behind the restaurant and by the side of the booth.
The bottle is in a big living room.
The fan is located on a long corridor close to the wall.
on the table, in front of the fireplace
The toilet is near a corridor.
There are several pillows on the sofa, a square coffee table in front, a picture on the back wall, and a lamp next to it.
The living room is surrounded by a kitchen and two bedrooms.
a hall within a swimming pool;
The table is in the bedroom which has a blue carpet.
The shower is placed in the corner of a small bashroom.
The medel is opposite to the door of the corridor and near the food bar.
between a tall shelf and a door, in front of a table
The mirror is on the top of the flower and the pool.
The towel is put in a bathroom belong to the bedroom which is face the stairs
The power switch is placed between the poster and the door.
The cabinet is near a black box and under a ceiling lamp with yellow light.
next to a furnace, near a door
This area has lots of benches on each side of corridor .
The stool is in a dining room.
Walk towards the elevator, past the stairs and wait in the wheelchair accessible room.
on the sofa, among some pillows, under the big picture
The picture is in the bedroom.
near a stove with a television, between a small sofa and the window
Exit the shower and go to the bathroom door. Go straight towards the stairs. Go down the stairs and wait at the bottom.
The curtain is set next to a beige long sofa, near a transparent oval table and near a black and gray sofa.
The area is next to the living room and the dining room.
The toilet is set near a small vase with pink flowers and near a brown cabinet.
This area has two massage beds and a laundry basket.
Turn right and walk towards the kitchen area. Turn right again and enter the rightmost room. Wait by the bedside.
Turn to the left and leave the bathroom.  Continue down the hallway.  When you get into a bedroom, you'll stop right by the picture of the sailboat.  Wait there.
Continue up the stairs to the first landing. Stop and wait near the artwork.
The fire hydrant is at the end of the corridor.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Go around the corner and down the hallway. Make a right turn and stop in the doorway on the right.
The handbags are on the side of the room
below two brown taps; against a blue wall;
There is a shower room and small work place in the living room which is close to leisure area.
with an empty space behind the screen.
under a light, next to a column
The pillow is set near a tea room and next to the hall.
The sink is under the towel and flower.
The box is put in a study.
The chair is placed under a yellow table and near a shelf.
Exit bedroom, make a right past stairs, and wait at green bathroom entrance.
on the long sofa, among six pillows and on the right of the them
There is a big book put on the desk, and a single sofa is next to it
There are three drawers attached with the shoebox, and the bedroom is the one inside the relaxing area ,which is attached with a bathroom and work place.
There is a woody chair on its left. There are three ranges of benches on its right.
on the left of the cabinet,in front of the glass wall
The washroom is inside the office, which is on the first floor and next to the livingroom.
The lamp is placed in a big, bright and white living room.
face the washing room, hang on the wall
There are a big table and two chairs in the center of the study.
The cabinet is set on the corner of the hall and close to a woody door.
The television is in a living room.
The stool is placed under a yellow table, on the right of a yellow stool, near a white dustbin.
under the television and the DVD, next to some photos
The sofa is in a big and white living room on the first floor.
The toilet is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
The television is near a corridor and a living room.
The screen is on the right of a gift bag and on the right of the phone and above the dustbin.
Walk down the porch steps and walk into the covered porch. Go inside the house and wait in front of the white couch by the window.
between a screen and a receipt printer,at the edge of a desk and in front of a elastic
faced with the sink in the middle of two walls;
Mirror in the toilet
There is a woody desk next to the chair and lots of benches in front of it.
The cabinet is above the table and to the right of the oven.
Exit study and turn left. Stop at double doors and tall planter.
The office is opposite to a public working office and has a road leading to the exit on the left side.
The toilet is set on the opposite side of a black and golden sink and near a silvery and yellow vase.
Exit the bathroom and walk onto the deck.
Walk past the pool table and turn right. Walk into the next room and turn left. At the door to the bathroom, turn left, step forward to wait in the doorway to the wine cellar.
Turn around and walk to the end of the long table with chairs. At the end turn left and enter the sitting room and stop.
The plant is sei near a reading room and the hall.
The single sofa is put bakc facing the wooden TV cabinet which is close to the glass door in the living room.
pot culture Near the balcony
under a washbasin, facing a gas stove
There is a cabinet with the same colour ,state and material on its left and a brown desk opposite to it.
The stool is in a small bedroom.
The tripod is placed on the ground,next to a yellow box and a black loudspeaker box.
on the sofa, among three pillows and on the right of them
The mirror is set in the washroom.
There is a big bed and pictures in the bed.
on a long table, next to a book
There are some flowers in the vase. The vase is on the table.
There is the bedroom outside the room
Pot culture  in a white flower pot with a lamp above
The chair is behind a wall painting and next to a door of the bedroom.
There is a lamp in the corner and the living room connects with a study.
The dining is next to a kitchen on the first floor and there is a road outside.
The kitchen is facing a big dining room and there is a cloakroom upstairs.
The kitchen is next to the living room and the dining room.
next to the cabinet, facing the table
There is a big white bookcase put in the relaxing room, and the glass door it opposite the main door.
Walk straight until you pass a clear glass table and chairs then wait by the white marble table with the three grey benches.
There are six chairs around the table. A plant is put on it.
on the washstand, under the mirror
There is a room specially used for washing near it.
The kitchen is on the first floor and next to the dining room.
beside a trash bin made of stainless steel; oppposite a washing sink;
The glass is put in a study,
The cabinet is in a small office that has a number 359 for one people working.
The computer is set on a brown and white table and near a tall brown cabinet.
The cabinet is set at a corner of the bedroom.
The bedroom is on the second floor and on the left of the corridor when go upstairs.
under the television, facing the table
next to a tea table, facing a long table
on the right side of a yellow painting ,under two lights and on the left side of a box of napkins
The curtain is in a living room.
on the left side of the bed, on the nightstand
next to the green sofa, opposite to the yellow picture
the kitchen is near a living room and open-balcony.
There is a small wooden cabinet put close to the glass door ,and the white bed is a big one under a big picture.
This area is located on a small room with a red  carpet and two white desks.
behind the door and two chairs,on the right side of the gate
around the table, on the carprt, facing the washroom and first from left
The plant is set in the spacious kitchen.
Table in living room
The sofa is near a porch.
The bashroom is between a gym and a bedroom.
between two shelves, near a printer and a box
The drawer is set under a table. Left to the drawer is a chair. There is a computer near the drawer.
the living room is near a dining room,kitchen and a corridor.
The table is set in the living room.
Walk away from the bathroom down the hallway. Stop in front of the double doors.
The table is located in the middle of the dining room.
next to a spinning bike, near a man washroom
The stool is under the table. The stool is near the balcony.
The table is near a balcony and two black sofas are in front of it.
Walk straight into the living room passing the chair and the couch and taking a left behind the couch and past the dining room table and up the stairs into the entry way stopping on the third tile from the left at the top step.
The vase is near a kitchen.
The picture is next to a study.
There is a small bedroom next to the pictures, and a small bathroom next to the paintings ,too.
The white cabinet is placed front facing glass doorwhich is placed behind desk in the big bedroom.
Exit the room. Turn left. Turn left again. Go past the green couch and then turn right. Wait near there.
The cabinet is settled under a silver ship, opposite to a beige floriated sofa and near six pictures.
Two white candles are on the desk.The desk is next to a silvery statue.
next to a mirror, facing a black table
The living room has a tall shelf with some photos and another small shelf with a printer and a box.
Right above the bathtub, face the shower head.
Walk down the hall and past the stairs. Turn right and walk past the dining room table and chairs. Turn left and stop by the couch.
on the left of the glass wall,behind the chair and faces the door directly
The window is located in the bright bedroom.
in front of the table,next to the cabinet and a huge pillar
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the stairs and in the cenrtal of the corridor.
a hall with a rounded bar in the center.
The shower room is inside of the bathroom.
Walk forward to the yellow sofa thing.  Walk around the yellow sofa thing and enter the door on the left.  Stand at the top of the stairs.
Head down the hall toward the room with a leather couch.  Turn left at first archway and stop at the entrance to the movie theater room.
The stairs is between the first and second floor.
The telephone is near a corridor and a living room.
The sink is to the left of the towel and brush.
The lamp is placed near a bigger conference room and next to the hall.
The box is placed near a small conference room and a big conference room.
The kitchen is on the third floor, next to the balcony and facing the stairs.
facing the washroom and second from left, on the carpet, around the table
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the corridor when up to second floor, in the end of the corridor and next to a bedroom.
The area is across from a fireplace and near a kitchen.
The bedroom is next to a long corridor and has a balcony.
The dustbin is on the floor,in front of the cabinet and next to the socket.
The decorations are near a toilet and a dining room.
The chair is in the balcony.
next to the white lamp, across from the mirror
next to a clock, on the fifth layer of a shelf
Exit the bedroom, cross the room to the left and stop near the room divider on the left,.
The whiteboard is set on the ground and near a television.
in a white vase, on a long table
next to the glass door in a store selling bath products;
The bed is placed hard by the wall inside a small bedroom ,which is close to a small lamp.
Go past the couch and enter the door on the left.
The bottle is in a big and bright living room.
The bench is under the pillow and near the stairs.
The painting is near a transparent table surrounded by twelve transparent chairs and a brown table.
next to a similar stool and the hallway; behind a bar with a row of magazines on it;
There are several porcelains and a fireplace under it.
Exit the office and then turn left. Go down the hallway to the left and wait right by the vase that is being held by metal base with the brown plant.
The bedroom is on the first floor and connects with a study.
next to the black lamp and the door
under the display and the shell,on the left of a pillar
The sink is near a brown cabinet and near an oven.
The study is on the first floor and it connects with a bedroom.
There are many different size sofas put in the living room which attached a big TV ,but without a balcony.
The living room is next to another small room on the first floor and is next to a corridor.
the living room is next to a corridor and a stair.
There is a book with the same material, shape, colour on its right and a round fan next to it.
on the cabinet which is on the left of the furnace, next to a photo
The vase is in the living room.
at the corner of a room.
The sofa is on the right of two sofas and the left of a sofa.
picture is hanging on the living room wall
The chair is set in the corner of the livingroom.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom on the first floor.
The table is in the middle of the oven and sink.
The sofa has grey plush pillows and black curtains at the back.
Turn around, then head down the hallway on the left. Walk through the doorway and stop near the tiled column.
Head past the stairs and into the bedroom.  Go left behind the bed and stop in the hall with shoes and clothes.
Exit the bedroom and go straight through until at the brown double doorway and then stop.
The printer is at the back of a pen and a pair of scissors,next to a row of juicers,at the right of a black advertising cabinet.
The chair is put in a small bar.
the far right  one of these similar tables;
in the cabinet drawer and on the right side of the white division plate
a long mirror above an electronic scale near it.
under the mirror and sculpter
The chair is in a lounge.
The carpet is placed in the hall.
an empty and very long hallway.
There is a cupboard right under it. On its left side is a big cabinet.
Go around the dining room table and head for the narrow archway in the dining room connecting the kitchen. Just you enter the kitchen stop and wait there.
in the middle of two identical deck chairs;under two magazines and two ornaments;
The living room is next to a washroom and is connexted with a dining room.
Enter the bedroom and continue to the double doors on the right. Take the way to the left and wait at the first arch.
The chair is the fourth one in a row of chairs from right to left while facing to the chairs, behind a red leather sofa and opposite to a brown wooden desk.
The flower is placed in the vase on the table in the living room.
in front of a mirror, above a drawer
a small hall with three similar deck chais.
above the clock,on the wall opposite to the door and on the right of the printer
There are some pillows put on the sofa ,and another single sofa is put next to it
they are next to a corridor.
Go to the foot of the bed. Go through the door across from the bed. Go between the pool table and the couch. Go to the open doorway.
With the shower to your left, walk through the bathroom and stop in the closet area on the other side.  Stop in front of the mirror with the suitcases in front of it.
The fruits are near a dining room.
The box is placed near a big conference room and a tea room.
The painting is above a big beige sofa and near a white and brown lamp.
it' s in the corner of a living room on the second floor.
Turn around, go left to the stairway, go down the stairs and straight, take a right through the hallway, and then another right at the next hallway, follow it to the end, and stop at a bedroom with two leaves on the wall just through the doorway.
The stool is placed under the table below the flower.
The dustbin is set on the ground and next to a tall lamp,near a cabinet.
The bed is located in the bright and small bedroom.
below a wall lamp; beside a door and two white shirts.
The glass is placed on a brown table surrounded by six transparent chairs, and next to a television.
The box is placed in the corridor.
Move forward towards  the right, following the circular shapes on the floor up the stairwell into the house.
There is a sink, toilet and mirror in the toilet.
Walk out of the kitchen and take a let down the hallway. Walk to the end of the hallway and take a right into the bedroom there. Stop once you enter the bedroom and stand next to the door.
The glass door is placed close to a white bookcase in the dining room.
There are many cabinets and sinks around.
mirror In the toilet
The table is in the living room.
The curtain is in a small study.
Walk straight down the hall and into the room straight ahead. Wait near the entrance.
There is a glass door close to the bookcase , and a carpet put close to the leopard print sofa.
The vase is in front of a stone dome and near some grass.
The area is next to the kitchen and the living room.
There is a living room and a dining room next to the kitchen.
go straight behind the rocking chairs,  stop by the round table outside.
The livingroom is on the first floor , next to the dining room and next to the kitchen.
Go to the bottom of the staircase, go to the entrance of first room to the left of the staircase, wait by the chair.
on the wall, above the table, facing the door
There is an identical sofa on its right, two pillows are put on it.
The towel is near a bathtub and a table with two white sinks.
The chair is near a kitchen and a living room.
the washroom is near a corridor and a living room.
Turn around and exit the door to your right. Once out, turn left and walk across the kitchen. Turn right into the dining room and out the other side. Once out turn left and walk to the first door on your right. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
The club is next to the balcony and near the gym.
There are some posters on the opposite of the power switch.
Walk straight and go out the door to the left.  Go down the hallway and stop at the first door on your left facing the end of the hallway.
The bashroom is next to a gym and is connected with a bedroom.
The sofa is put in the big living room, which is back facing the front door and front facing the big glass door to the balcony.
The display is set near a smaller conference room.
The plant is put in the reading area.
below a stairs, next to a wall
The chair is near a corridor and opposite to a room with a black carbinet.
The dining room is on the third floor, facing the washroom and next to the kitchen.
The guitar is in a bedroom.
against the wall of this area in the corner of a hallway.
Exit the living room and turn right. Continue straight down the hall passing the stairs on the right. Wait at the doorway at the end of the hall.
The sofa is near the corridor and surrounded by windows which have curtains before and chairs with beige mat.
on the nightstand, on the left of the bed
The sink is settled in the corner of a small storeroom.
by side of a narrow hallway;
The sofa is near a room with a tall wooden carbinet and near a corridor.
The stool is placed near a small conference room and a big conference room.
The chairs are set close to the wall of the small room.
by side and at the end of the hallway;
The sofa is set at the center of the living room, on the second floor.
The fireplace is set at a side of the living room, on the second floor.
The table is located on the balcony
The sink is in the bedroom bathroom.
Walk inside towards the chairs and go straight through the sitting area into the kitchen area.  Walk past the kitchen area and stop in front of the potted plant right next to the stairs.
The towel was hung on a metal handle with a switch next to it and a light on it
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and there is a garden outside.
on the wall,on the right of the clock and over a shell
The lamp is face the TV and living room is next to the balcony and kitchen.
under the window, on the left side of the mirror and behind the sofa
Sofa near the balcony
The living room is in front a corridor and next to a small living room.
next to the stair armrest, next to the white and rough wall
above the shell,on the wall and behind the desk
The washing machine is set near a silvery sink and under the white cabinet.
next to the wall, next to the mirror
next to a lamp, in front of a window
Walk up the stairs. Turn left and walk up the first set of stairs. Enter the living area and wait there.
Leave the laundry room, and take a right. Enter the kitchen and go left. Leave the kitchen, and enter the TV room on the left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
This area has lots of cabinets and a glasses door of the hall.
there is a bedroom in front of it
on the carpet, facing the balcony, behind two tables
The sofa is placed in the middle of a small room facing a white and big living room.
The bed is near a toilet and a laundry.
The cabinet is near a dining room.
The switches are set in the bedroom.
The living room is the room facing the door.
below a light, next to a picture
Walk out of the playroom and wait by the banister ahead.
the rest room is near a dining room and a living room.
Go into the bathroom on the left of the bed. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
beside five white bottles;below a long mirror with double golden frames;
The clock is set near a corridor and a bedroom.
This area has a large swimming pool and a small bath.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and facing a long corridor.
There's a outlet on its left, and two small plant surround it,
The vase is in a bedroom.
sofa In the living room
The office is opposite to a public working office and has a path leading to the stairs on the left.
The drawer is inside the bathroom.
It face the bed and the French window
The bedroom leads outdoors via a door and connects with a washroom.
The livingroom is next to the kitchen and on the first floor.
there is a laundry across the road.
The living room is next to the dining room and the balcony.
faces the door of this room;
The table is in a living room on the first floor.
There is a desk placed close to the doorand a chair is placed next to the desk in bedroom.
in front of a white wall,on the left of some plants and on the right of a orange model,on the wooden shell
The balcony is outside the livingroom and next to the kitchen.
The carbinet is near a bathroom.
The bed is faced with a closet and lies at the center of the bedroom.
next to a printer and a box, facing the outside
Leave the bathroom and go right. Exit the bedroom onto the patio. Go to the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the bottom.
on a small table on the left side of a chair,next to a brown and grey wall
The area is next to the staircase and the laundry.
This carbinet is in the bathroom.
a big room specially used for washing
The dustbin is placed in a tearoom.
beside a calligraphy work of Chinese characters; above a cabinet;
the corridor is near the dining room kitchen and bedroom
the lamp is in the living room
The sofa is in a bedroom.
There is a power switch on the opposite. There is a door besides.
Go through the room opposite the wine cases, and to the left of the room division into the small archway passed the stairs on the left, make a left into the archway and a few steps into the hallway and stop.
The bathroom is on the opposite of the bench.
The chair is in a small office that only contains a set of office equipment and is signed number 307.
The painting is near a gray sculpture and a black bookshelf.
below a light, next to a door
between a door and a wall, under another hinge
next to a small table, near stairs
The chair is in the study.
The flower is placed in a bright living room on the first floor.
The painting is set near a living room and a corridor.
The tripod is set in the hall.
The refrigerator is in a living room.
The sofa is to the left of the three sofas and to the right of the wall.
The lamp hung on the wall and beside the door.
the living room is near a dining room ,a kitchen and a corridor.
The curtain is set on the right side of a black table under a black lamp and a black sculpture and near a white and brown bed.
next to the bed and window.
The yogamat is in a small gym with wood floor.
The livingroom is beside the stairs, on the third floor and next to a kitchen.
The lamp is in a bedroom.
There are  some carpet inside the  cabinet  and a red suitcase in front of it .
Table near living room
Turn right and walk up the three stairs on the right. Enter the theater on the left and wait there.
The study is next to a bashroom and facing a long corridor.
the armchair is next to the desk and another armchair
The painting is set above two black screens and a keyboard.
Turn around and exit the shower. Turn right to enter the bathroom. Passed the tub and sink and stop near the tub and the two doorways.
The lamp is placed at the corner of the bedroom and is near the wall.
The glass jar is placed next to two stairs and near a reading room.
Enter the room go out the door on the right turn left and wait right at the living room entrance.
There is a porcelain and a book on it.
It was placed in the hallway between the open kitchen and the pool.
under the window,  next to a sink
below two identical mirrors and a wall lamp; next to a hair dryer;
near a counter, against a wall
The fireplace is in the lounge.
The chair is next to a short dark brown locker, in front of a desk full of paper and next to a glass wall.
The picture is placed between some boxes and the big closet.
The display is placed near a bigger conference and next to the hall.
The closestool is settled in the corner of a bathroom on the second floor.
The bar counter is located in a bar.
There are two chairs with the same colour ,shape on its left and one chair with the same colour, shape on its right.There are five chairs with the same colour ,shape opposite to it.
Exit bathroom, walk past bed to doors, exit bedroom turn left, walk down hall and wait by fireplace.
There are some pictures below the drawer. There is a chair next to the drawer.
It has two plants on the left and a display on the right.
on the wall, above the toilet
The phone is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
Walk straight towards stove and sink. Follow kitchen around the bar. Keep going forward until you come to a skin rug and turn left. Walk past doorway and wait by window and bench.
The jar is placed in the hall.
set in the white flowerpot, above the white table surrounded by eight white chairs.
Enter into the house through the open door. Follow the brick pathway up to the door. The hillside will be to your right. Once you are in the house, walk down the entry way and down the two stairs on the left into the foyer area. Stop to the left of the piano.
The cabinet is located in the kitchen.
The study is next to the bathroom and children's bedroom.
across from the cabinet, next to the white lamp
Walk slightly forward and turn left. Walk outside and wait by the pool.
The flower is settled in the center of a small living room on the first floor.
The drawer is next to the bed. There is a lamp on the drawer.
The chair is set near a corridor on the second floor.
The table is located in the bright and spacious livingroom.
The laptop is next to the newspaper , a big screen and a green stapler,on the white table and in front of lots of snacks.
The lamp is in a small office.
The bedroom is next to the corridor on the second floor with a fireplace and a bathroom.
The sink is set in a glass washbasin, under a mirror, left to a screen.
There is a tap right above it. On its left side is a big cabinet. The tap is next to it.
facing a table, next to a lamp
Walk out of the home theater and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn left. walk into the bedroom and stop.
they are in a dining room on the second floor.
Walk out of the bathroom and take a right. Then take a left. Take another right and wait at the top of the stairs.
A white bookcase is placed at the boundary of dining room and relaxing area, which is close to a leopard print sofa.
The meeting room is by the side of the reading area and behind the restaurant.
The picture is next to the door against the wall in the bedroom.
between two elevators, in front of a bar counter
on the left side of the chair and counter,in front of a door,on the rigth of the billboard
The stove is placed on the table next to the vase.
The painting is placed in a toilet  in one of the bedrooms
Exit the bathroom, walk down the hall and stop in the kitchen.
The sofa is near a big beige sofa, near a small lamp and near a wooden and vitreous desk.
Next to the table was a large sofa, on which stood a pot of plants and a China pot.
next to a table, near a box
The dustbin is placed next to a small conference room and a big conference room.
The power switch is between the window and the door.
The bashroom is between a big empty room and a storeroom.
The area has a laundry basket and a storage cabinet.
The monocycle is set next to a tearoom.
The poster is on the opposite. The door is besides.
Walk forward away from the table and into the small hallway. In the hall go straight and enter the room ahead. In the room go into the hallway with the closet and the bathroom and stop outside the bathroom door.
Walk out of the room and through the hallway. Turn right at the end of the hall way and walk into the bedroom. Turn left into the closet. Stop in the closet.
The photo is near a toilet and a corridor.
The bookcase is near a toilet and a corridor.
There is a rectangular balcony, a washroom and a toilet in the bedroom.
The stool is placed below the table and the vase.
The towel is in the middle of the two pools.
The painting is near a balcony.
After you leave the bedroom go to the right and walk around the wall to the sitting room. Make a left in the room and walk to the second doorway on the left, wait in the doorway of bathroom.
This area is on the first floor and near a living room and a bedroom.
behind the recieption of this area.
above the washbasin, over against the bed
The desk is next to a big cabinet with a computer and in front of a red chair.
Walk past the mirror and go down the hallway in your ten o'clock position.  Keep going straight until you pass through double class doors.  Stop after you pass the first lounge chair and are standing in front of a large grey column.
below a wooden holder; towards a mirror with black frames.
The towel is in a bathroom.
Go straight into the garage. Turn right and go into the room. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
The desk is set on a red quadrate carpet with white flowers and yellow flowers, near a red bed and a red sofa with a white blanket on it.
Walk towards the dining table, walk through the entryway into the kitchen, turn right, and wait.
Walk along stone path towards house.  Enter through large glass doors.  Walk to long black dining. table.  Wait here.
The model is in a large resting area.
The washroom is inside the office, which is on the first floor and next to the livingroom and stairs.
on the locker,on the right side of the pillar and on the left of the display
The stool is between the table and the pillar.
The photo is set in the washroom.
the bedroom is next to a open-balcony and a living room.
The painting is set in a dining room.
next to the bed, next to the white lamp
facing a door, next to a hand sink
The keyboard is in a big office.
The small office is opposite to a big office full of paper , faces the locker room at a slant,along the road to tea room as well.
The stool is placed under a yellow table, behind a white computer.
The sink is embedded in a white cabinet, close to a crooked tap in the small hovel.
next to the wall, below the paintings
on the cabinet, next to the mirror
the washroom is in front of a bathroom and next to a dressing room.
almost at the turning of the corridor;
The chair is front of a glass door.
The poster is in a small single room.
The power switch is placed next to the flower and the table.
The balcony is outside the bedroom and next to the washroom.
close to two picture which are put on the side wall ,the target is at the corner outside the bedroom ,in the porch
The shower is in the bathroom.
There are several porcelains on it, and a sofa chair on its right.
It was installed in the toilet in the workshop.
The treadmill is in a gym on the second floor.
The microwave is near a dining room.
The room is opposite to the gate of a big showing room and on the left side of the road of the lobby.
Turn left and walk past the dining room table.   Walk past a large chair and then turn right.  Enter the hallway and wait near the door.
Turn around and go to your right passed the living area and the stairs. Walk to the left of the table and turn left. Stop in the room with the book on the table.
This picture is located in a spacious and bright bedroom
This area has a long corridor  close to the wall.
a big room within a sink, a big bed and two pictures;
opposite the flank of a table; against a wall with blue hamps.
The computer is on a yellow table mat,next to a lamb and in front of a chair.
The loudspeaker box is placed near a wall and the gate.
The bed is in front of the mirror and the armoire, There are quilts decorated by triangles, rectangles and so on of a full range of colors on the bed.
The painting is set on a black wooden bookshelf, near a black sculpture and below six paintings.
The mirror is on the top of the pool and to the right of the other mirror.
The sofa is beside the window and door.
in a glass box,on the bar counter and between some snacks.
The dressing room is not very big ,opposite a median size mirror ,and the target is the one at the right hand.
Walk up the stairs.
The stove is placed under the column facing the balcony.
sofa Next to the balcony
The table is set on a rectangular patterned carpet and under a ceiling lamp with yellow light.
The table is near a bedroom.
The poster and the door is besides.
The picture is hung above the lamp next to the bed.
The bashroom is next to a bedroom and a gym.
The stool is in a small reception room with the sign 365.
the washroom is in the bedroom which is in the end of a coriidor that is near a another bedroom and rest room.
in front of the painting and next to the treadmill
the corridor is near 2 bedroom ,a living room and a stair
next to a box, in front of a door
The power switch is on the wall and under the electronic thermometer.
The computer is placed in the front desk.
The table is set in the spacious livingroom.
The kitchen is next to the dining room and next to the livingroom.
the rest room is in a big bedroom which is in the end of a corridor and near a open-balcony.
under the table, between two chairs
The sink is near a corridor and a kitchen on the first floor.
The sofa is in a living room with many pictures.
The light is placed in a tearoom.
The kitchen is on the third floor, next to the balcony and dining, facing the stairs.
a room with two identical beds and two different sinks;
The desk is placed in the bedroom next to the bed.
next to a counter, near a water dispenser
This area faces the open kitchen, next to the pool, and dinning table on the other side.
The pen is in a small office.
The sofa is located in the small home theatre.
a room with two identical cabinets.
The chair is in the middle of the two tables.
The book is set near a bedroom and a tearoom.
The screen is in a large office owning the number 377.
The glass door is to a small balcony which is placed outside living roomthe one which is placed close to the leisure area with two same glass made tea table in it.
Go inside, turn right and go passed the sitting mirror, turn right and go into the left doorway near the white and gold painting, take a step inside the room and stop.
Facing a chair and a painting. right next the door.
The painting is near a laundry.
It connects the ground floor and the second floor.
There is a picture on the right of the vase and a toilet is under the vase.
The kitchen is on the third floor, next to the balcony and next to the dining room.
The decotations are hanging on the wall in a gymnasium.
above two sofa, next to a plant
Vase In the corridor opposite the stairs
Exit current room and walk past staircase and wait by first door next to the left stair case.
The drawer is placed against the mirror in the closet.
The screen is in a bedroom.
The display is on the wall in a small meeting room signed 03.
an empty space in front of the table;
The living room is under a bedroom and is connected with a dining room.
Walk past the door and down the slightly jagged hallway, making a slight left turn and then continuing down the hallway before making a hard right and stopping once you've reached the room with the bed.
right above the sink, face the bathtub
The bed is behind a green sofa, near a beige and brown lamp and opposite to a black television.
This  area  has  a  white  desk and lots of  red  chair.
The corner is between two bedrooms and connects with a gymnasium.
The sink is placed next to some fruit on the table in the kitchen.
Here connects with a narrow room by a blue door, and here has access to the outdoors.
decorated with the same style;
a hall as a transition from recieption to massage rooms.
The drawer is in a wide and empty storeroom on the second room.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Continue into the carpeted bedroom. Turn into the closet on the left and stop a couple of feet inside of it.
The bed is next to the glass window and opposite the balcony with a view of the courtyard.
Go straight until you pass the pool. Go into the hallway and into the small room with the bed.
in front of a desk,between two same chairs and on the right of a cabinet
The book is in the lobby.
Walk through the walkway to the left of the wired man, and take you first right into a room. Walk into the room, and stop once you reach the gray carpet lying on the ground.
The pillow is set in the spacious livingroom.
The shelf is in a living room.
on the desk between the document holder and a white machine,in front of a white board and behind a keyboard
The sofa is near a corridor and a toilet.
The picture is set in the washroom.
the corridor links a living room ,2 bedrooms and a rest room.
The painting is near a bedroom and a toilet.
Walk through the first doorway out the three - the one all the way to the left, Walk straight through the doorway directly across from in, in front of the mirror. Turn right, and stop before the long carpet.
next to the glass door, near the stove
The cabinet is placed in front of a mirror and near a brown box.
next to the washbasin, over against the door
The cabinet is above the washing machine and opposite the window.
walk away from the pool, past the elevators, past the stairs and straight through the doorway to the left of the wicker chair, walk through the doorway straight ahead to the right.
Go indoors. Go past the wall with holes in it. Go past the large table with chairs. Turn right and wait there.
The cabinet is in a corridor.
on the left of the cabinet,in front of a chair,above a box and with a computer on it
Walk past the bed. Straight into the hallway. Go straight and slightly left until you get to a room with white couches. Turn left and walk toward the round table. Wait there.
The chair is in  an empty office whose number is 355.
The dining room is next to a stair case and is next to a big dining room.
beside the toilet, on the edge of the bed
exit bedroom to hall passed bathroom turn left and walk to the right of the stairs straight into next bedroom. walk in front of bed and stop.
There are some drinks on the table.
on the cabinet which is on the left of the television, next to the window
above a trash can cocered by a plastic bag; below a mirror and near another mirror on the wall;
Walk to the left of the table and chairs down the hallway. Turn left and walk into the bedroom on the left. walk around the bed and into the bathroom and stop.
walk away from the toilet and exit the bathroom through the door on the left. Walk down the hallway and stop in front of the first doorway on the left.
some potted plant inside the vase, on a small black table, in the middle of two chairs
The toilet is in the bathroom.
The jar is placed near a bedroom and a tearoom.
The chair is set in a study.
The earphone is placed on a yellow table and next to a computer.
The picture is settled in a small living room on the first floor.
The lamp is near a corridor on the second floor.
The flower is in the corner of a small bathroom.
The living is next to a corridor and is connected with a small dining room.
The plant is placed on a balck cabinet and next to three grass jars ,against a wall.
oppposite a rounded bar; near a white fence;
The picture is next to the door against the wall.
This area  is located  on the corner  of  the hall and  has some  cabinets.
Exit toilet and turn left to dining room. Wait between couch and dining room table.
The study has two laptops on the table and two chairs next to the chairs.
the living room is near a dining room,a kitchen and a stair.
The phone is put in a study.
The living room is next to a small living room and in front of a corridor with wood floor.
Exit the room and head down the hallway.  Stop in front of the two chairs on the left.
The light is on the right of the morror and above the sink.
The desk is in a reception room.
The area is connected with a kitchen and across from a toilet.
next to a flower, on a tea table
The mirrors are installed on the wall of bathroom which are farther to the door.
between two same chandeliers, near a spinning bike
The sofa is near the living room, by the street.
Walk forward, enter the last door on the right side, move toward the door on the right, enter the room an wait at the door.
The towel is placed next to the mirror and sink.
The whiteboard is set near a smaller conference and next to the hall.
The display is in a big meeting room with the number 04.
The sofa is in front of the service desk and behind the entrance door.
There are some stools and table nearby.
next to the window, next to a wall painting and a table with a chair
The flowers are set in a transparent vase, on a beige table and near two white sinks.
big enough for changing clothes;
The photo is in a bedroom.
on the right of the table, in front of the bush
The lamp faces the door of the corridor at a slant and along the corridor leading to counter.
The lamp is in a rest room.
The sofa is near a bedroom with a red bed and on the opposite side of a white corridor.
The desk is settled between two red and brown chairs, oppposite to a tall wooden carbinet and behind a round wooden table.
The bar connects with a gymnasium and has two chairs.
next to the woody door, below the grown towels
The bathroom is on the right side of it
Walk down the hallway and past the stairs. Walk down the hall and turn right. Stop in front of the bathroom.
The bedroom is next to a corridor and has a balcony, and there are many sofas in it.
There are one chair with the same size and state on its right and three chairs with the same size and state on its left.There are four chairs with the same size and state opposite to it.
The dustbin is set under a yellow table and next to a black chair.
The chair is set in the corner of the spacious office.
there is a tap above the sink ,and the washing table is black and under several handicrafts
The carbinet is in the bedroom.
The chair is put in a spacious and bright bedroom
The table is surrounded by four brown chairs and under a blue and white vase.
under the chandelier, next to the small table
The stools are at the juncture of the kitchen and the living room.
The flower is in the vase. The vase is next to the sink.
The carbinet is in the cloakroom.
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to the dining room.
The desk is set at the corner of the hall and close to the wall.
The kitchen is next to a small storeroom and there is a cloakroom upstairs.
The chair is at the corner of a study.
The table is in the center of wide and bright study.
on a book,behind a green book,next to the glass wall and on the left of the photo frame
The chairs are near the living room and on the opposite side of a bedroom.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the corridor when go upstairs and in the end of the corridor.
surrounded by three sofas,on the left of a glass wall
The model is behind the restaurant and opposite to a meeting room.
in front of a Frence window and TV, next to a lamp
behind the table,in front of the cabinet
next to the wall, on the wooden floor
The laptop is set in the bedroom on the third floor.
The lamps are above a table with a silvery sink and opposite to a gray cabinet.
The mirror is placed on the table with a vase and towel next to it
Go forward to the hall, turn left and then take your next right at the blue lips. Follow the railing and go to the left. Stop at the top of the stairs.
There are a hair dryer and a trashcan in the man washroom.
set in blue and brown flowerpot, near the door of the bathroom, above the white table
The black board is placed on a brown box  and against a wall.
in fornt of a shelf, next to a table
It has a black hair dryer and there is a trashcan under the hair dryer.
a hall with a big rounded bar and a bathing pool;
There is a mirror behind the drawer and some books on the drawer.
The sofa is inside the open-air balcony.
beside the glass door;opposite a big cabinet;
The light is on the left of the mirror and above the sink.
The curtain is set near a big brown table under a white sculpture, near a big painting and a transparent table surrounded by twelve transparent chairs.
under the dome lights, near a carpet
The stool is set in the middle of the kitchen.
Walk past the concrete fire pit with ceramic pots on top. Continue down the porch area past the first sofa and continue past the next set of sofas. Continue down the porch and walk past the potted plants towards the lighted sitting area ahead.
The bedroom is next to the stairs and behind a blue wall painting.
The cupboard is set in the bright kitchen.
The median size mirror is installed on the side wall of the detached bedroom,close to the door and opposite the dressing room.
This storage cabinet is in a sauna.
There is a big bathtub under the sprinkler and a curtain near it.
The cabinet is in the corner of the bar.
they are next to a black long table and near a pool table,
The drawer is near a bedroom and a living room.
Turn left and then a right at the end of the countertop. Take a left and  stop just by the dining room.
between two table lamp, facing a big painting.
in the middle of six chairs, on the carpet, under the chandelier
Turn right to face the doorway to the bathroom. Exit the bathroom by turning left. Turn right in the hallway. Turn right at the chair. Walk down the hallway past the sculpture. Walk directly across the marble floor to the room with the brown and white door. Stop in the doorway.
near the curtains, facing the outside
Exit the closet, and walk through the bathroom. Wait near the suitcases in the dressing room.
The light is placed near a green sofa and next to a book shelf.
the balcony is near a stair ,a living room and a dining room
The mirror is aet behind the tiger skin rug, near a blue leather sofa and between two windows.
There is a tap on its left, and it face the big cabinet.
under a display,on the locker and behind some chairs
The microwave is set under a red toaster and a orange juicer and near a big table.
The sofa is set in a big and bright living room.
The cabinet is in a bedroom.
they are near a black table and a vase.
The plant is placed in a tearoom.
The table is placed against the wall in the corner of the kitchen.
The stone is placed on a tall yellow stool in front of a television.
next to a plant, next to a treadmill
Walk up the stairs and past the left side of the bed.  Stop in the doorway of the door near the nightstand.
there is a white clothing cabinet placed opposite the bed ,and a beautiful painting put on the back wall
This area is next to a small room with cabinets.
behind a chair, next to the curtain and under the pipeline
opposite the corner of the table;in the middle of two similar sinks
The study has two pictures on the wall and connects with the outside via a door.
The umbrella is leaning against the glass wall,on the right side of a pillar,behind a chair.
The table is on the carpet and around the chair.
Exit the bedroom and turn left to exit the sitting room. Turn right in the hall and enter the bathroom, which is on the left across from the first window.
The power switch is placed on the wall facing the stairs.
The painting is set on the right side of five paintings, near a stair and a brassy switch.
The light is put in a small booth.
The cabinet is under the table and sculpture.
under a fan , below the ceiling
The picture in settled in a small and bright living room in the first floor.
on the white table, next to the French window, in front of the sofa
Turn around, go past the bed, out the door and to the right.  Go into the next door on the right.  You'll see a snowman quilt on the bed.  Wait right there.
The area is next to the dining room and the staircase
The cabinet is set near a woody door.
hung on the wall, across the sofa
a room within a shower room and a sink;
in front of the yellow and tall table, next to the long sofa, there is a pillow on it
Exit the massage room and turn left in the foyer.  Then walk down the hall and wait near the women's locker room door.
The loudspeaker box is set under a television and near three chairs.
The painting is in the first row and the third column of the six paintings and above a red and brown chair.
The washroom is inside the office, which is next to the livingroom and on the first floor.
at a corner of the men's changing room;
The telephone is between two beige sofa, near a beige desk and next to a white and brown lamp.
The area is next to the corridor and on the second floor.
The model faces a big meeting room at a slant and behind the restaurant.
The medel is in the canteen.
The area is next to the  corridor and on the second floor
There is a kitchen and a living room next to the dining room.
The toy is set on a brown table, before the window and between two photos.
There are many sinks and cabinets in the kitchen.
There is a big glass door to the balcony close to the sofa in the big living room.
The painting is next to a brassy switch and opposite to some cabinets.
on the door, next to the living room
This chair is located in a bright bedroom.
The hingee belongs to a washroom.
The drawer is placed below a shelf and some bottles of wine.
The screen is in a small-sized office.
The vase is above the table and below the flowers.
These pillows are in a bedroom.
at the corner of the room
Near the shower is the bathroom.
face the white table and three chairs with the same shape and color
the bedroom is next to a washroom and a corridor
These boxes is in a utility room.
Leave the dining room and walk towards the painting of the beach. Take a right at the painting and enter the bedroom. In the room take the first left into the closet.
White flowers are in it, and the vase is on the sink.
Keep walking forward, and turn left at the first corner. Walk straight towards a bedroom in front of you. Enter inside, and pass the bed, and turn left to enter the bathroom, and stop there.
next to a bar, near a massage bed
The cabinet is set along the wall .
between window and bed, on a cabinet with a lamp
The chair is set next to a balcony and in front of two small rooms.
There is a corridor next to the living room
Turn around and walk towards the kitchen. Proceed through the kitchen into the room with the stationary bike and treadmill. Stop in front of the stationary bike.
Leave bedroom by walking down the hallway and stop at picture hanging on the wall. Turn left facing sign hanging on hallway wall. Walk towards sign and turn left into first doorway. Look at bathroom sink. Wait here.
Walk forward through the kitchen, heading to the black door. Walk out of the door and take a right onto the deck. Walk out on to the deck and stop.
Exit the shower. Turn right after you pass the television. Wait near the doorway to the gym.
under the window, next to the bed, next to the washroom's door
hung on the wall, above the cooking bench
They are on the head of a bed and below a fan.
Go straight until you get to the round table then turn slightly right and walk toward the stairs. After you pass the stairs wait there.
A median size wardrobe is embedded in the cabinet in the dressing room which is placed close to the door to outdie.
in front of two glowing screens and a dixie cup,surround by some documents
The table is surrounded by three black wooden chairs which have blue mats, under the white hollowed-out tablecloth and near a brown wooden carbinet.
Turn and walk down the hallway. There will be family photos hung on the wall on your right. When you come to a glass door that exits the building, stop and wait in front of it.
Walk into the hardwood floored room, heading towards the fireplace at the opposite end. Once you're at the fireplace, turn right and go into the room ahead of you.
The vase is in a laundry.
Walk out of bedroom into hallway and turn left. Walk down hall to stairway. Walk down stairway and wait on bottom landing.
on the wooden table, next to the doll, under the window
in front of a table, near a chair
near the kitchen, between a big sofa and the bedroom
under the chandelier, next to fridge
The sofa is beside the chair and lamp.
The painting is in a stair.
Go to the mirror. Follow the red carpet straight to the clock. Go through the doorway on the right side of the clock and stop.
The box is set on the floor, next to a white bucket, against the wall.
The light is placed next to the hall and a tearoom.
walk away from couches, towards front door, turn right and turn left down the hallway before giant white doors, walk straight through doorway,turn right, turn left before you reach the dining table, walk through doorway to home gym and stop.
Walk down the hall and wait in the doorway to the dining area.
facing a door, on the left of a hand sink
There are  four chairs with the same shape, size on  their  left and a picture opposite  to them.
hung on the wall, above the sink
the entrance of the whole bath center;
The poster and the television is next to the wardrobe.
The chair is in a big shared office owning the number of 363.
on the wall behind the open dooor; faced with a white machine in the middle of two wall lamps;
There are blue quilts on the bed, The bed is between two lamps with two woody night table.
Go out of the room an take an immediate left. When you reach the hallway, go right. The second door on the left is a powder room, go in and wait there.
Below is the dining table with white flowers in the vase and some tableware next to it
the dining room is near a living  room and a balcony.
There are some decoration on the cabinet and a wash basin under the cabinet.
next to a laundry basket, against a wall
There is a toilet and sink in the toilet.
The chair is near a round table and in front of some frame and paintings.
The drawer is in a bedroom.
on two books and a shelf,on the right of a model plane
To the left is a jar, a glass jar and two plants.
This area has a large cabinet and a wide bar counter.
The sofa is near a black table with five pieces of pattern, on a blue carpet, and in front of the window.
The table was laid out on the carpet. A book is put on it.
The lamp is set in the bedroom.
The books are settled in a small study.
The closestool is in the bathroom.
The cabinet is near a corridor with a stair and a empty room.
The vase was placed on a table with white flowers, an ornament next to it, and a mirror at the back
There is a white cabinet placed next to the glass door, and a rectangle table is placed nearby
The washbasin is in a bathroom.
There is a water-tap above the sink and some fruit next to the sink.
on the table, next to the vase, next to the bottle
The bed is in the bedroom.
There is a water-tap and a sink above.
The computer is in a study.
The corridor is on the second floor, has two stairs and some rooms.
The sofa is near a black telephone and a metal lamp and next to a black table.
This wooden chair is by the window of the study.
under the table, behind the sofa
The lamp is against the white wall,next to a water bottle and on the left of the computer.
The painting is near a living room on the first floor.
face the window, next to the door, on the armoire
The chair is on the right side of a small white table and near the desk under the ceiling lamp.
The corridor has two stairs and on the second floor.
next to a treadmill, next to a plant
The table is located in a bright livingroom.
on a black table, next to a book
aginst the wall behind the open door;
The stool is behind the door,at the back of the black chair,against the wall and is opposite to the cabinet.
The picture is in a living room on the second floor.
The painting is near two black screens and near a black television.
Exit room through barn style door and head straight down hallway towards the painting on the wall. Turn right into the bedroom. Take a hard left through the mirrored door. Turn slight left and wait by the white floor length shelves.
next to the glass door, next to the dining room
under the cabinet, on the right of the stove
The vase is placed on the table in the living room.
The power switch is set in a corridor at the door of a house.
There is a pillow on the bed and there is a picture on it
Surrounded by three light bulbs. Beside the exhaust fan are cabinets.
walk away from the couch, down the hall, to the right of the table, walk into the kitchen and continue past the oven, turn right, walk down three stairs and stop.
The toilet is located at a corner of the bathroom.
Go around the table to the left and go straight through the doorway into the kitchen. Continue through the kitchen and stop in front of the grey sofa with zebra pillows on it.
The stool is placed under a table with green top and in the lower left corner of the table.
The meeting room is at the corner of the three fork road,opposite to an empty  room and has a corridor connecting to the rest area.
under the oven, next to the sofa
the drawer pposite is the living room
The vase is set on the corner of the stairs.
The closestool is settled in a toilte.
The bedroom is next to a long corridor and has a small balcony.
The ornament is placed under a yellow table surrounded by for yellow chairs and next to shelf.
The cabinet is under a mirror and near a small platform which has a lamp on it.
the kitchen is near a living room and a open-balcony.
The bedroom is at the left rear corner of the stairs.
The corridor is behind a white and bright living and is in front of a dining room.
next to the sofa, above the dining chair
The printer is set at the corner a tea room at the end of the corridor.
The book is set in the bedroom.
there is a crooked tap installed above the sink, and the target is embedded in a white cabinet
Leave the bathroom and take a right. Enter the main room and walk till you have passed the white tables on either side. Stop just right of the small, round table.
on the cabinet, next to the vase, next to the photo
below the mirror, next to the vase
The fan is set in a corner of the hall.
The door is in a laundry.
The earphone is placed in the hall.
near a shower cubicle and a closestool;
The light is set next to the hall and a reading room.
The towel is near a white sink and near some mirrors.
the men's and women's changing rooms are out of the big hall
between a big sofa and the bedroom, near stairs
next to a table, next to a lamp
This is a narrow aisle.
The chair is in a bedroom on the second floor.
The sofa is opposite to a big beige sofa, on the right side of a brown wooden table and near two cuboid chairs.
The living room is next to a washroom and connected with a dining room through a corridor.
The sink is in the kitchen on the first floor.
A bed is next to the drawer. A chair is near the drawer. At the right of the drawer are three pillows.
The meeting room is opposite to the gate of a big meeting room and next to a room that is forbidden to entry.
The washbasin is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
The table is in a big meeting room.
near the mazarine bed and another lamp with the same color and shape, next to a window with white curtain
faces the huge pillar in the center of the hall.
It faces the main entrance of the house.
Walk forward down the hall with the door at your back. Stop under the light at the end of the hall.
The kitchen is next to the dining room and living room.
The office is around the corner of a junction of three paths and on the left of the stairway door.
Walk past the bed and turn left. Walk through the door way and stop by the couch.
the sofa is on a carpet and  in the front of the cabinet
there're elevators outside.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and then left to exit the room using the door on the left. Go up the stairs on the right. Go up two steps then stop there.
Enter the kitchen ahead of you and then immediately turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue forward until you can climb the three steps to your right, then veer left and continue parallel to the three steps to your left, entering the media room ahead.
next to a towel, next to a refuse bin
The chair is in a simply equipped office.
The meeting room is along a corridor leading to the lobby and between two stairway doors.
next to a mirror, next to a bed
It hangs on the first floor where near the stairs.
The piano is at the corner of a living room.
on the table, under the mirror
The bedroom is on the second floor and on the left of the stairs when go upstairs.
Enter room directly left of the mirror.  Walk across carpet and enter the passage on the left.  Wait near first door on the left.
The cabinet is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
There is a printer on the left of the cabinet, and a wash basin is in front of it.
With the couch behind you and the round table ahead and to the left, move forward towards the kitchen. Stop after you've passed the bar on your right.
The telephone is next to a beige and brown lamp and near a blue and white bed.
The chair is set on the bright balcony.
The area is on a laundry and connected with a kitchen.
The sofa is near a bedroom with a red bed and opposite to a white corridor.
The bed is near the door of the bedroom and near a toilet.
The washbasin is under the mirror and face the door of the bathroom.
next to the woody wall, next to the living room
The picture is in the first row and the third column of the six pictures and above a cabinet with a silver ship.
Walk straight across the room to the other side. Once at the green bed, exit the room out of the door to your right. Once out, stop before you reach the steps.
Walk past  living room, walk past dining room, turn right, wait by gold room.
The picture is above the vase and the table.
Head into the hallway and to the left. Cross the entryway and wait in the living room archway.
The sofa is in front of the chair. The recliner is next to the chair.
The flower is placed on a washbasin in one side of a washroom.
The door is located at the center of the bathroom.
Head around the table and go the main area left of the long table.  Go to the middle of the room next to the ping pong table and stop.
The stool is placed under the table below the flower between the kitchen and the dining room.
The chair is set at a corner of the living room, on the second floor.
in the middle of two black end table; in the middle of two identical deck chair.
next to the cabinet and the mirror
Right above the switch is a painting. It face the French window.
under a hand sink, under a bowl
above the TV, next to the French window
Walk forward towards the bench. At the bench take a right and head up the first part of the stairs. At the landing go straight into the living room. In the living room stop behind the left leather chair far enough back that you are parallel with the light switch on your left.
The sink is in a kitchen.
This is a very bright balcony.
The bathroom is next to the study and the dining room.
Exit the gym room. Turn left. Walk inside the room with the graffiti wall. Stop  near the graffiti wall.
The big cloth sofa is put hard by the wall and there is a median size mirror installed on the wall, two same glass made tea table are in front of it.
next to two glass walls,in front of a huge pillar
One door on each side
The doll is located in the bedroom.
The cabinet is under the table and to the right of the oven.
The living room is in front of the dining room and next to the balcony.
The cabinet is to the right of the window and above the table.
against a wall, next to a wardrobe.
between two cabinet with a lamp , in front of a cabinet with a television
This area has ranges of benches and pillars.
a room with wooden floors.
The television is set in a bedroom.
The corner of the hallway has three deck chairs.
the dressing room is near a washroom and a bathroom which is in a bedroom near a open-balcony.
There is a lamp in the corner and another lamp in the center in the living room.
This  area  has lots of  chairs and two  desks.
It hangs on a small washing room.
The kitchen is next to the livingroom and next to the dining room.
The lamp is set on a beige drawer and near two small beige sofas.
There are four wooden chairs directly below it.
The switch is on the wall in a study.
The bedroom is facing the stairs.
next to the sofa, across to the TV
the bedroom is near a corridor and a living room
a big hall with a big bathing pool;
The photo is set near a colorful photo, above a pink box and near a black fitness equipment.
The lamp is located on a small cabinet , in the bedroom.
There is a sink and toilet in the toilet.
go down steps, turn right, and go up steps, stop by chairs.
in the middle of two same doors,under a tube
There is a eating table and eight chairs put in the dining room ,and a black cabinet is close to the table.
at the turning of a corridor.
next to the bed and the lamp, face the window with black curtain
The corridor connects the rest area and many offices.
next to a tall plant, facing a small table
The pillow is placed near a bedroom and a tearoom.
There is a mirror, toilet and sink in the toilet.
next to a table, next to a picture
The penholder is facing the outside in the study.
The lamp is on a stool and there is a phone next to it
The sofa is in a big living room.
The picture is in a big living room.
The switch is on the wall in a bedroom.
There is a big mirror put  on the wall of dining room, and it attached with two glass door.
next to the vase, above the sank
The livingroom is on the third floor, beside the kitchen and next to the stairs.
The painting is near a kitchen.
There is a table and stool in front of it.
Enter the door on the right. Follow the right wall and stop once you've entered the doorway.
The office is on the first floor and next to the livingroom and stairs.
at the entrance of the room
the bench is located in a garden on the second floor
There is a big bed and some pictures in the bedroom.
next to a door, in front of a sofa
under the desk,behind the door,in front of the chair
Walk past the bookshelves and out of the room. Walk past the potted plant and make a sharp turn left. Walk past the green couch and stop to the right of the television.
Walk straight passing the kitchen sinks and the dining table towards the stairs. Walk up the stairs, and turn left. Stop outside the glass door.
on the carpet, in front of the sofa and a big mirror
Walk past the refrigerator and take a left into the hallway. Take aright and go up the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair from the top.
next to the door, facing the bed, next to the picture
opposite the wooden door of this room. faced with the semi-circle part of the table.
close to the bathing pool; next to a wall decorated with marble tiles;
The table is on the opposite side of a narrow room with a wooden carbinet.
This area is close to a glasses door of the hall.
there is study next to the dinning room
The shutter is near a bathroom.
The washroom is next to a living room and a long corridor.
The sofa is in the lobby.
The cabinet is settled in the corner of a bedroom.
Exit bathroom to bedroom, walk across bedroom slight left to hallway, turn left at hallway into adjacent hallway, turn right into first door, stop in front of bed.
The kitchen is next to a big dining room and there is a road outside.
The corridor is bright and narrow with the wooden rail.
The window is on the far left of the entire window, above the fluffy stool.
Move forward along the window into the living room, continue in front of the fire place towards the other side of the room, turn right at the sliding door, then turn left, stop after once outside.
The vase is in a toilet.
The meeting room is connected with a corridor leading to the lobby and behind a stairway door.
The painting is near a living room.
a washroom with a wooden door.
There are many clothes in the closet.
hung on the white wall, next to the curtain
next to the staircase, across to the table
The sink is set in the bright kitchen.
The man washroom has a door and a laundry basket.
Walk straight into the room with the 2 stretched out chairs beds. Walk to the left of the room and exit out the door. Once out the door, turn left and stop in the next doorway facing the black adjustable chair.
beside a small box; below a rounded clock.
The chair is in the outdoor.
vase next to the balcony
near the decorations, near a treadmill
above the chair,next to the TV
Turn all the way around and walk through the door into the bedroom. Walk to the right around the bed and exit through the door. Turn left slightly and walk towards the double doors leading outside. Stop a couple of from the doors.
Leave the room and take a left to go up the stairs. Go up the next set of stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
The painting is set in a corridor.
on the left of a long wooden desk and towards the corridor door
The area has three pictures on the wall and two doors.
The sofa is in the corner of a bright living room on the first floor.
The tea table is in front of door and next to the French window with a garden outsides.
next to the sink , next to the shower room
The bottle is located in a living room.
under the mirror and the light
The cabinet is settled in a bedroom against a wall.
It has a display on the left, a tap and a sink on the right.
in front of the cooking table,under a ceiling lamp
The picture is hung on the wall facing the column in the living room.
The book is set at a corner of the bedroom.
The chairs  is set on the  corner of a small room with  a red carpet.
on the table, next to the vase
The area is on the left side of the exit and opposite to a no entry room.
above the washing machines, hung on the wall
The chair is on the right side of the other same chair,on the right of socket and on the left of the window.
next to the painting, next to the desk
The chair is on the left side of a black wooden screen, near a table under the ivory sculpture and behind a beige sofa.
Facing the windows go left and then go straight. Walk to the furthest pillar on the right. Stop next to the table that is second from the wall with the windows.
The bathroom is next to the cloakroom and in the master bedroom.
The area has a door and a large wardrobe.
The dining table is surrounded by nine brown wooden chairs, in front of a cabinet with three mirrors, and under a white tablecloth.
The stool is placed near a big conference room and a tea room.
Walk right around the table and chairs and into the entryway. Stop just inside the kitchen.
The typewriter is set in the middle of the office.
The newspaper is set on the left side on five paintings and near a brassy switch.
The corridor is the connection to a stair of the exit and a room that is no entry.
The bashroom is between a bedroom and a study and there is a road outside.
Hang on the wall, over the toilet
TV has a potted plant and a Spider-Man model to the left and right
The small office is along the corridor,opposite to an empty room and near the junction of three roads.
The painting is set on the right side of a black and white painting and on the left side of a painting.
The pillow is next to a gray pillow and on a long sofa.
The walls are decorated with ceramic tiles.
The table is located in the bright dining room.
There is a black platform near the vase and a big window near it.
The sofa is settled near a transparent oval table and opposite to a long black sofa.
Turn and walk towards the open brown wooden door that leads to an office with a large desk.  Exit the room through the door. Walk around the left side of the table and go through the double open doors that leads to a hallway.  Walk out into the hallway until you reach the first door on the right.  Turn tight and take two steps into the room, stopping in the doorway to the room next to the carpet.
The washbasin is near a study.
The power switch is beside the stairs.
Exit the bathroom pass the bed and go out the door on your left. Turn left and then go into the second door on your right and wait by the bed.
Make a slight left and walk past the metal fan then walk past the red chair to your left.  Walk through the entry way on your left and make a right and walk to and wait by the larg set of wooden locked style doors.
table next to the balcony
The kitchen is on the third, facing the stairs and next to the livingroom and balcony.
The sofa is near a wooden brown table, near a green sofa and opposite to a brown sofa.
The door is in the corner in a living room.
The box is placed near a conference room and the gate.
a big washroom by side of a corridor leading to a swimming pool.
The lamp is beside the outdoor swimming pool.
The refrigerator is set in the bright kitchen.
the far left one near the pool
The power switch is on the opposite of the poster next to the door.
hung on the wall, above the cabinet
Turn left and go up the stairs. Go through the doorway on the right. Stop in front of the bed.
The stack of books in a small meeting room with the number of 03.
on the wall, facing the curtain
The pillow is set in the hall.
The telephone is on the right side of a black toilet and near a silvery and yellow vase.
With the stairs on your right walk down the hallway.walk past the chair on the left and walk towards the hallway. Stop at the last set of stairs halfway past the stairs.
on the wall behind the open door;opposite a mirror with a black frame.
on the table, next to the bed
The painting is near a toilet and a corridor.
the elevators are out of it
Exit the room and go down the hall to the kitchen. Wait in front of the love seat, by the window.
Go indoors. Walk past the couches and into the kitchen. Walk past the kitchen and then wait near the black glass table with the chairs.
The table is in the parlor on the first floor.
The plant is set in the bright and spacious kitchen.
The chair is back against the windowsill ,on the right side of a chair and on the left side of two chairs and faces the gate.
Go down the stairs, and take a right. Go down the hall and past the sitting area. Enter the bathroom on the right and stop in front of the sink.
The remote control is on the wall in a small living room.
Exit the desk room. Turn right. Follow corridor. Turn into the next door on the right. Enter the empty room. Stop there.
These pillows is in a dining room.
The lamp is on the ground floor kitchen.
in front of a shelf, next to a lamp
The mirror is set on a brown wooden carbinet, near a small red leather chair and behind a vase with some pink flowers.
The lamp is on the drawer.The door is next to the drawer
next to two beds and another lamp with the same color and shape, next to the window
The door is near a red and brown bed and between two wooden doors.
Two remote control switches are installed on the wall which is close to big bedopposite balcony in big bedroom.
The bike is placed in a reading room.
facing the screen, on the first row of stairs, under the projector
The bathroom is very big with two sinks in it, and there are three mirrors installed on the wall.
The area is next to the corridor and another bedroom.
There is a sink, mirror and toilet in the toilet.
on the left of a wooden shell and near many sets of desks and chairs
next to the small lamp and above the stove
The living room is next to another small living room and next to a corridor
The lamp is placed in the corner of a white living room.
Head straight then turn left. Turn right head down the hallway. Pass the glass doors and stop near the black lounge chairs on the left.
Step forward, turn left, move pass the bed and through the door way. Wait at the door on the left.
The glass is in a large reading area.
over the drawer and switch
This area has ranges of wooden benches.
The loudspeaker box is set on the ground and next to a tripod .
The two stools are under the white desk,next to the woody table with eight black chairs.
Go out the door on the left then turn left and go straight through the arch into the room with the red couches and wait by the red couches.
facing the table, in the middle of two sofas, on the carpet
there is a small toilet
beside a cabinet; on the ceramic floors.near a hair drier;
almost at the corner of this hall;
Go towards the water fountain and turn left.  Walk into the big room and go to the left again and into a banquet hall.  Stand near the door and wait.
The oven is set in the kitchen.
The ladder is on the edge fo the room
Start moving forward down the corridor. You will pass offices on your left and right. Keep going until the hallway down the hallway until you get to an exit sign on your right and what looks like some lockers in front of you. There will also be a brown door with an exit sign above it in front of you.
thereis a bedroom behind it
The towel is near a bedroom and a corridor.
The power switch is in the kitchen on the first floor.
This is a very classic study.
The bench is beside the outdoor swimming pool.
The vase is above the table and carpet.
on a brown table, next to a photo
The balcony is next to dining room, on the third floor and outside the livingroom.
Walk through the doorway with the red painting behind you, follow the hallway to the left, and walk straight past the bed. Stop in front of the couch outside.
This is a clean, spacious and bright living room.
between a door and a window, above a box
The painting is set near a green and blue painting and on the opposite side of two white washing machines.
Turn around and exit the room. Pass the table and chairs and go through the doorway. Turn left into the next room and wait by the light switches.
The flowers are near a bedroom.
Walk int past the sink area. Walk of the door and past the statue of a hand. Walk down the hall and past the statue of a bird. Walk into the bedroom area with the wooden cabinet.
The balcony is next to the living room and face a coutyard with a swimming pool.
Walk straight ahead and up two steps. Turn right. Walk down the hall. Turn right into the first doorway. Turn right into the bathroom. Wait near the toilet.
on the right side of the dustbin and in front of a white pillar and the glass wall
the bedroom is near a corridor and a living room.
next to a window, face a bed with two lamps
The bottle is on the left of a slaver and near a glass bottle.
There is a white long table and many white chairs in this study.
The glasses are near a balcony and a toilet.
The chair is set on the right corner of the livingroom facing the balcony.
Walk clockwise around the bed.  After passing the fireplace, there are three doors.  Go through the door on the left with the circular tub in it and stop just after entering this room.
The earphone is placed near a big conference room and a tearoom.
The lamp is near a corridor and a storage room.
in front of the screen,between the mouse and a water bottle, on the white desk
kitchen Next to the living room
The bedroom is surrounded by a balcony , a living room and a bathroom.
Walk out of the office and take a left. Take your first right and wait in the empty room.
The photo is set below a small colorful photo, on the right side of a yellow photo and near a black fitness equipment.
Go forward past the bed. Turn right through door. Stop just inside door.
facing a table, next to a chair
The picture is near a living room and a corridor.
The stool is set in the spacious livingroom.
The lamp is set under a green painting, near a brassy switch and opposite to a cabinet.
facing a sofa, next to a lamp
The TV is located in a bright bedroom.
Walk behind the long white couch, then turn right down the hallway. Take a quick left, then an immediate left.  Wait by the door in the empty room.
next to the window, on the door
The plant is placed near the hall and a reading room.
The vase is near a big brown table and on the right side of a big vase.
on the wall, above a picture
The sofa is placed in a tiny and bright living on the first floor.
The lamp is in front of the reception and opposite to the food bar.
This area is located on the corner of the hall and has a glasses door of the hall.
Walk down the hallway.  Turn right into the last room on the right.  Stop in the doorway.
Take a left and then take another left through the doorway. Walk straight until you get to the blue carpet. Then take a right and walk outside through the double doors. Wait just outside the doors please.
The vase is on a wooden tray with two jars next to it and a pink flower inside
The living room is on the first floor and next to a corridor.
Walk through the outdoors deck area towards the open door beside the stair leading into the yard. Walk inside the home and continue around the corner into the living room area near the kitchen sink counter top.
tap between living room staircase and bedroom
face the French door, next to the rectangular, ratten and black table and seven chairs with the same color and shape.
there is a rectangular white bag in it, on the left of the white door
The cap is placed near a wall and the gate.
This bar has a gray trashcan and a big bar counter.
Walk out of the kitchen into the dining room. Walk towards the doorway to the sitting room. Veer right to walk out of the sitting room to the foyer. Stop next to the blue chair.
The chair is in a small working office of the number 365 that only has the room for one person working.
Go into the room. Turn left and go into the room ahead. Wait at the red rug.
The painting is in the first row and the second column of the six paintings, on the wall and above a black bookshelf.
The wardrobe is placed next to the poster and the television against the wall in the room.
The painting is in the living room.
over against the bathtub, next to the door
on the oven, next to the coffee maker, facing the lamp
The chair is set next to a square brown table and near a beige sofa.
The table is on the opposite side of a corridor.
on the carpet, in front of the sofa, facing the balcony on the left, there are three books and a comport on it
The painting is opposite to a row of booths and along a corridor connecting with the food bar and resting area.
The bedroom is on the second floor and has a balcony. There is a living room downstairs.
The cabinet is set near a small conference room and a big conference room.
The bedroom is on the left of the stairs, on the second floor and in the central of the corridor.
The toilet is next to the smoking paper and in the corner.
Walk forward make a right around the kitchen island. continue past living area, enter bedroom, then make a left and enter bedroom bathroom.
The stairs connect the parlour and the kitchen.
on the right side of the sofa,on the book shelf and between two big plants
The TV is embed in the wall of big bedroomwhich is close to curtainsopposite the shower room.
Below the mirror is a cabinet, and it face another big cabinet.
leave sitting room and turn left into hall. walk straight to fireplace and turn slight right toward open door. Go through door and stop on porch.
The tea table is in the living room.
The sofa is next to another sofa with the same color and shape. There are three throw pillows on the sofa.The sofa is between two lamps.
between two chairs, near the decorations
The home theatre is on the first floor and next to the kitchen.
The table is under the vase and there is a switch next to it.
The bed is near a bathroom.
The office is in front of a corridor door,along the road connecting the tea room and the restaurant.
The lights are located on the ceiling of the bedroom.
The post-it note is on the wall that is on the left side of the gate,above the document folder and the pen container.
It was in a narrow, clean corridor.
Tissue opposite is the living room
This bed is located in a bedroom.
next to another smaller crystal glass and stand on the table
There is a big bed in the bedroom.
picture  near the corridor connecting the gym
The dining room is next to the kitchen and balcony, on the third floor and facing a washroom.
the living room is near the dining room ,dining room is near the kitchen
The chairs are set close to the wall and on a corridor via the altar.
The stool is in the number 02 small meeting room.
The vase is set in the bright livingroom.
The pillows are near a toilet.
The painting is in a corridor.
next to a bookshelf, in front of decorations
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Turn left and Go into the bedroom on the left. Walk through the door in the corner to go into the bathroom.
There is a shower room, sink and toilet in the bathroom.
close to the other box with a brown lining; beside the door of a big washroom.
hung on the ceiling,over the desk and near the passageway
There is a plant on its left. It has a display underneath it
Walk around the bed and exit the room going straight to the end of the hallway. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait in the doorway.
The chair is opposite to a porch.
The bush is face the entrance door.
The circle chair is put close to the glass door to balcony ,which are placed next to two same single chairs.
The bathtub is settled near a white towel and a table with two white sinks.
The meeting room is opposite to a room that's not allow to entry and faces the lobby at a slant.
The sculpture is put in the study.
The box is next to a flowerbed and a telescope.
Walk out of the bedroom and  take a left down the hallway. Walk into the bedroom ahead at the end of the hall. Stop once you are in the bedroom, just past the doorway.
Go through the room passed the black chair on the left and into the doorway on the right, go straight into the bedroom, make a right and then another right into the doorway and take a step in and stop.
The washroom is behind living room and in front of a dining room.
the door is to small balconythere are grey curtains hanging close to the glass door close
This  area has lots of red benches and is located on the central  hall.
The vase is at the end of the corridor.
The table is under the vase and next to the chair.
The chair is set in a reception room on the first floor.
This  area has lots of red  chairs and a  white desk.
The table is set under a brown vase, near a red and brown chair and opposite to a wooden carbinet.
The chair is set in the small bedroom.
The table is near the bathroom.
From the stairs turn left and walk through the second doorway from the left. Walk left past the dining room table and stop just inside the kitchen.
on the right of a pillar;near a white carpet and a board;
at the entrance of a small room used for massage.
The master bedroom has a bathroom, a cloakroom and a window.
The vase is set on a brown and wooden table surrounded by four chairs and in front of two paintings.
The bed is located in a bright bedroom and on the carpet.
Walk on the sidewalk towards the pool, and stop once you reach the first sidewalk on the left.
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to a washroom and kitchen.
This area has a large wardrobe and a large locker.
set on a woody night table and next to a woody bed, near a window with blue curtain
Two small pictures are installed on the wall ouside the small bathroom, which are opposite the hovel in the corridor.
The chair is set near the stairs and next to the hall.
The jug is set in a big brown cabinet and near a gray and black bed.
the living room is near a dining room and a stair.
Below the tap is the pool with some vases and fruit trays to the left and right
Head towards the couch and table set. Go past it and wait in the area in front of the open sliding glass doors without entering the house.
in front of the shell,in the middle of the room and in front of a dustbin
attalea speciosa in the living room
The bookcase is next to a electronic keyboard and opposite to a lamp and a telephone.
Walk into bedroom. Walk past bedroom door. Wait at laundry room door.
in front of the French door and next to the rectangular, ratten and black table and seven chairs with the same color and shape
Exit the office and take a left. After taking a left, stop and wait there.
The office is along the corridor leading to the exit and at the corner of a junction of three roads.
The galss jar is placed in the tearoom.
below a mirror , next to a toilet
The picture is on the wall in a study.
on the bed, across from the mirror
in a room with marble floors and towards a sink in the corner.
These books are in a big cabinet and is on the left of a big picture and in the middle of the books.
The chair is near a beige leather sofa and on the right side of the black bookshelf in the direction facing the wooden doors.
next to the kitchen, next to the sofa, on the right of the main entrance
The towel hung on the cabinet and beside the sink.
The loudspeaker box is placed near a small conference  room and a big conference room.
The painting is settled on the white wall, above a black wooden screen and between two windows.
The picture is placed on the wall on the opposite of the sofa in the living room.
Walk outside and pass the outdoor furniture.  Make a left before you reach the table, and enter the inside room on the left.  Wait here.
There is a power switch on the opposite. The door is next to the poster.
Pot culture  plants at the end of the corridor
there is a carpet put at the front ground, and a small table with three drawers put next to it
There is a median size table put at the corridor and there are two small bedrooms close to the small chair.
This wooden chair is in a study.
The stairs is facing the kitchen, used to second floor up to third floor.
face the French window, next to the toilet
The bed is placed in the center of a bedroom on the first floor.
There are two chairs with the same size and state on its right and two chairs with the same size and state on its left.There are four chairs with the same size and state opposite to it.
The decorations are in a study.
The meeting room is opposite to the gate of a big meeting room and next to a room forbidden to entry and is along a corridor to the lobby.
Walk towards the bed,  turn left at the foot of the bed, stop in the middle of the circled tile on the floor.
The bush is next to the living room and the dining room.
The bathroom is next to a storeroom and a cloakroom and has a balcony.
The mirror is placed next to the sink and the toilet.
Turn around and goo to the doorway on the far right of the living area, take a right and head towards the dining room table and stop.
The chair is on the left side of a short brown table and in front of a window.
The sculpture is near a living room.
The bashroom is next to a bedroom and a study on the first floor.
there is another similar mirror installed close to the target, and there is a sink under it
next to the bed, facing the door
The picture is in a big cabinet and is around by many books.
The balcony is outside the bedroom and next to the washroom. There is some glass wall around the balcony.
a room with two cabinets and a bench;
Turn to the right until you face the bedroom and a bed. Walk toward the bed and turn right toward the bedroom door. Turn right and walk into the hall and turn left. Walk to the top of the stairs.
Go to the bottom of the stairs. Go past the stairs and face the light switches. Go past the table and take a left. Go toward the man at the end of the hall.
The telephone is on the right side of a green bed and next to a white and brassy lamp.
next to a bed, on a table
The mirror is on a cabinet and near a light which is on the wall.
Exit the bathroom, turn right, then head straight down the hallway. Stop and wait at the second door on the right.
The bathroom is next to the stairs and six bedrooms on the third floor.
Walk toward the piano. Turn right at the piano, then turn left before the stairs and wait in the doorway.
The balcony is next to the washroom, next to the roof and outside the bedroom.
enter the room then turn left walk straight then turn right enter the second door wait in the bathroom.
on the right of the picture, next to the washroom
The sink is set on a beige table, in front of a big mirror and on the left side of a same sink.
Th area is next to the garden and on the first floor.
The drawer is in a corridor.
Go forward passed the bed. In the hallway stop by the third door on the right.
The table is set in the middle of the balcony.
The kitchen is on the third floor, facing the stairs and next to the dining room.
The ornament is placed near a big conference room and a small conference room.
The chair is set in a sunny balcony.
The vase is outside and there is a stone dome.
Follow the stanchions and the red carpet straight through the doors into a narrow hall that bring you to another large room.  Step onto the cream and rose rug and wait.
There is a big mirror put on the wall of dining room ,and a table close to the glass door.
The bath is under the metal water pipe and it has two pipe switches.
It has a blanket and some pillows on it.
The light is attached to a fan hanging on the roof.
exit the bathroom and turn left, walk straight and turn left at the front door, walk down the two steps and walk to the right of the couches and chairs, turn right and walk up the two stairs and stop.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and a balcony.
The vase gym is next door, near the desk.
Go toward the door. Turn left by the black vanity. You will see an indoor glass window. Go toward the glass window and through the doorway. When your in the hallway by the  window take a right. Go toward the table with the pictures on it. Then go toward the wall with the security box or thermostat. Next and finally you take a right and when you get to the side of the stairs you have arrived.
on the woody table, next to the laptop and white table
The painting is settled near a brown table surrounded by four chairs and near a white sofa.
on the table which is in the middle of two sofas, behind the photo
There is a door and television next to the picture.
next to another bed with the same color and shape and in front of a black and white wall painting, near the armoire
The sofa is behind a brown table, near a small round table and a transparent table surrouded by six orange chairs.
Exit the bedroom and enter the first door on the opposite wall to the left. Stop inside the other bedroom.
The sofa is in a big and bright living room.
No nearby areas.
The decorations are set near a black and gray sofa and next to a brown wooden table.
next to the TV, over against the bed
Walk across workroom through archway and to stairs on the left. Stop on the stairs.
The flower is put in the vase. The flower is facing the balcony.
The power switch is placed on the wall.
It lies at the corner of stairs on the ground floor.
Walk through the bedroom.  Take a right turn and stop at the glass doors before the outside exit.
The lamp is in a small single room.
picture in the bedroom
The telephone is near a corridor and a toilet.
The clock is in a big office.
Take a left out of the room. Take a left and wait in the bedroom.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk into the hall and turn left Turn right and walk past the end table. Walk through the hall turn left, then turn right into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway.
The chair is settled in the corner of a bedroom on the second floor.
The printer is between two dustbins , under a lamp tube and opposite to a door with a sign "no entry".
The room is along the road connecting the public sofas and the locker room and the tea room,and is opposite to a big office full of documents.
The chair is set under a yellow table surrounded by three chairs around it and a white bucket next to it.
The chair is on the opposite side of a corridor.
Walk along the glass wall and turn the corner walking past a wooden framed dividing wall. Continue through the next room past a lounge chair and dining table. Walk by a second long chair against the wall and walk through the open door on the other side of it into a hallway.
next to the bed, next to the door
The photo is set in the spacious livingroom.
The chair is in a dining room.
The bike is in front of the service desk and towards the food bar and the resting area.
The scissors are in an office which  contains numerous drink and snacks
The sink is in a bathroom.
There is a brown cabinet near this cabinet and a red desk opposite to it.
Turn left and go into the room. Then turn left and go behind the kitchen table and stop in front of the range.
The table is near a corridor.
Walk towards the air conditioning units. Turn slight left and walk down the stairway. Wait by the crab picture.
The box is placed on a tall black box and next to a yellow desk.
The flower is put in the vase facing the balcony in the kitchen.
on the wall,next to the bed,above two chairs, there is a horse in the picture
the washroom is next to a corridor which is near a bedroom and a rest room
a room full of grey stripes.
the bedroom has a bathroom,a dressing room and is next to a open-balcony.
With the washing machine and dryer on your left, move forward through the doorway and continue forward past the bathroom on your left. Stop once you've entered the room at the end of the hallway.
Bed in the bedroom
The tap is created in a bathroom belong to the bedroom which is face the stairs
on the table, next to the Tablet PC
The stairs is located in front of the corridor.
This area has a big table and there are two laptops on the table.
Walk straight past the fireplace. Turn slightly left and go straight down the hallway. Turn right and go into the kitchen. Wait there.
The stool is set in the kitchen.
The chair is set on the left side of two same chairs and a black wooden bookshelf, and below two pictures.
the bedroom is in the end of a corridor and near a open-balcony
The chair is set between two long beige sofas, between two windows.
There is a beautiful picture put on back wall , and a small lamp is next to the bed
The typewriter is set near a toilet and a dining room.
Exit office, turn left, go straight down hallway, first door on right turn right, enter empty room, stop by door.
The painting is near a bedroom and a laundry.
They are placed in the bedroom.
There is a long cupboard directly above it and an induction cooker directly below it
It hangs on the first floor where face the garden.
The shelf is in the corner of the living room.
next to the washstand, under the photo
There is a ladder put close to the bookcase for people to take the purpose book ,and there is a balcony opposite the bookcase.
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and third from left
The chair is facing the bed, There is a picture above it.
The lamp is set at a corner of the bedroom.
Take a right and walk out of the kitchen. Take a left and wait by the dining room table.
The washbasin is settled near a bath and on the left side of a sink.
The towel hangs beside the table and at the bottom right of the sink.
The dining room is next to the livingroom and kitchen ,facing the washroom and next to the balcony.
The chair is set in the middle of the bright dining room.
This room is oppposite two oblong paintings across a grey carpet.
The stool is placed under the table near the balcony.
There is a brown cloth sofa put front facing the big white bookcase ,and a circle table put next to the balcony.
Walk outside and turn left. Keep walking all the way forward until the end of the glass window. Stop in front of the round table and chairs placed at the edge.
The pool is outside.
The stair is near a transparent table surrounded transparent chairs and near two brown chairs.
The painting is near a corridor and a laundry.
The cabinet is near a toilet and a bedroom.
Go through the kitchen and out the door. Go down the stair and make a right. Step through the open doorway and stop.
Leave the bathroom and walk up one of the sets of stairs on the right. At the top take a right into the office. Stop in the doorway for the office.
The book is opposite to a row of boothes and in front of two single rooms.
The radio is placed in a tearoom.
Exit through bedroom door. Walk towards striped chair.  Wait by sofa.
There is a swimming pool beside the villa.
The drawer is under the microwave and next to the refrigerator.
The light is above the living room and near a attic.
above the bed, next to a long window
the living room is near a dining room ,a kitchen ,a corridor and a stair.
Opposite the vase is a small balcony with a toilet next to it
on the door, next to the wall
in the middle of two lockers;below a long mirror with black rims;
The corridor is in front of a white and bright living room and behind a small dining room.
in the middle of the washstand and the glass wall, under the picture
pass bottom of stairs, go to center door on right.
next to the sofa and the green chair
on the table, next to the book
Vase on sofa in living room
The sofa is near a big cabinet and near a wooden box.
The small office is opposite to a big office full of paper and face the locker room at a slant.
There is a toaster and microwave above the drawer.
The printer is placed in the hall.
The power switch is next to the door and refrigerator.
Walk out the door to your left. Once out the door, walk across the room and stop in the doorway of the double doors on your left.
next to a bottle, near a tall shelf
Walk out of the bathroom and into the hallway. Walk down the hall and go left. Stop in front of the drawers at the end of the hall. .
Go across the room beyond the stairs, and down the narrow hall and through the kitchen.  Wait at the door to the gym.
Turn around and go through the door. Turn left and go through the leftmost doorway and continue passed the vanity towards the bedroom and turn left. Stop right at the stairs.
The kitchen is next to the dining room and on the first floor.
The chair is in the corner of a wide and bright bedroom.
on the wall, next to the door, among two photos and on the right of them
The pillows are in a bedroom.
It was next to a picture, on a sofa.
The mirror is installed on the wall which is placed above a white sink in the small detached bathroom.
The area connects with a bedroom and near a wash basin.
The office is next to a relax area placed some sofas and connects to a road leading to the tea room and locker room.
The shutter is in a bedroom on the second floor.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Turn left and walk into the hallway. Turn right into the bedroom doorway and stop.
under the television,in front of the sofa
The bathtub is in the corner of a large bathroom on the second floor.
Exit room, go along the wall toward the piano, turn right before the piano, turn right into the bookshelf room and stop.
The bedroom is on the second floor, in the end of the corridor and there is a washroom inside. There is a balcony and a stairs outside.
The chairs are in a dining room.
There has a few bottles of wine on the table and has two red chairs on either hand.
Turn around walking across the kitchen area. Exit the kitchen area via the black door. Turn right and walk across the second doorway and wait there outside.
The keyboard is in a median size meeting room with the identifier of 348.
The gymnasium has a spinning bike and three chandeliers.
below a picture, in front of a flower
The chair is near a desk and near a wooden door.
There's an exact same outlet to the left of it, On its left there is a cooker and a dish with pears
The study connects with the outside via a door and is next to a living room and a bedroom.
The door is located in a study.
The table is surrounded by eight brown chairs and under a vase.
under a pillow,in front of four screens and a wooden desk
on the cabinet, in front of the picture, on the right of the lamp
The desk is near a living room with many pictures and has two windows nearby.
The club chair is in the study.
next to a swimming pool, near a massage bedroom
The sculpture is near a black bookshelf and a white painting.
The tap is set in the kitchen.
The sofa is next to the door, near the open-air balcony.
The table is set in the bright livingroom.
This area has a long corridor close to the wall.
under the table, among four stools and first from right
There is a corridor outside the room
The vase is in a small attic, which is on the second floor.
The stool is placed in the hall.
The office is at the corner of the crossroads and near the tea room and the locker room.
next to the stair armrest, next to the stair.
next to a bed, next to a plant
The carbinet is at the corner of a bedroom with a blue carpet.
next to a room, in front of six pictures, used to second floor up to third floor
The bench is set in the kitchen.
a squared hall behind the front desk;
The massage bed is put in a small bedroom.
TURN TO THE RIGHT UNTIL YOU THE DINNING TABLE IS ON THE RIGHT AND PILLARS ARE ON THE LEFT, WALK TOWARDS THE END OF THE TABLE, TURN RIGHT SO THE DINNING TABLE IS ON THE RIGHT AND A BREAKFAST BAR IS ON THE LEFT WITH A DOOR WAY IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK THOUGH THE DOORWAY INTO A SHORT HALLWAY, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT TOWARDS A HALL SINK ROOM WITH A PICTURE OF A SAILBOAT ON THE WALL.
There is a swimming pool beside the villa
pot culture next to the pot is the bedroom, which connects the bedroom and the stairs
Walk out of the bedroom. Walk past the left side of the table and stop next to the chair and circle in the floor.
The handbag is set in a brown cabinet, near a gray and black bed and near a black and brown chair.
on the wall, facing the sofa
The chair is the fifth one in a row of chairs from left to right while facing to the chairs, behind a brown wooden desk and in front of a window.
The television is in a bedroom.
The study is next to the dining roon and the bathroom on the second floor.
The toy is in a bedrooom.
faced with an empty space;
facing a wall, under a shelter
The painting is near a corridor and a bedroom.
Turn to your right and walk along the patio towards the patio furniture.  Walk past the seating area and wait behind the last sofa under the ceiling fan.
The picture is in the living room.
The bedroom has a potted plant and connects with a gymnasium.
There is a oven next to the drawer and a television above the drawer.
there are some pillows put on the head of the big bedand a long grey couch is put at the end of it
The room faces the lobby at a slant and opposite to a no entry room.
The area connects with a gymnasium and has stairs in the corner.
The cabinet is near a stool and there are some bowls in it.
Walk from piano, across living room into dining room. Turn left and walk to living room and stop at fireplace.
The lamp is set on a yellow and white table and next to a black television.
This area has lots of red benches.
The television is in a rest room.
an empty space is in front of it.
along a long hallway of the men's changing room,against the wall
at the corner of this hall;
The chair is near a kicthen.
a room with single  small bed and wooden floors;
The newspaper is near a bedroom.
This location has two doors and there are some trees via the windows.
There  is a  red bench next to it and a sign near it.
next to a table, under a fan
on the long sofa, among six sofas and third from left, in front of a pillow
The table is on the blue carpet with pink flowers and golden border, near the blue sofa and near a tiger skin rug.
The flower is placed on the table next to the sink.
The cabinet is set  at the  corner of  the room and  close to  the wall.
on the right of a chair,on a small table and under some posters
The lamp is inside the bathroom of the bedroom.
The lamps are in a kitchen.
The room connects with a big living room and leads to a small bedroom via a ladder.
Turn to the right and then take your next right. Turn left in the kitchen and pass the kitchen table. Then turn right and take your next immediate left and stop in the door.
The washbasin is settled in the corner of the toilet.
The glass door is installed in the living room ,which is close to a white cabinet .
The stair handrail is in the bar.
on a table, facing a desk
The piano is under two pictures with golden borders and near a brown wooden door.
The book is set in the small and bright bedroom.
on a table, below a picture
The photo is set in a bookcase, near a blue photo and near a black fitness equipment.
The pillows are against the wall and  facing a wardrobe.
The cup is at the edge of the desk,on the left of a book and in front of the phone.
There are some flowers on the table. There are many chairs under the table.
There are two big tables and a wine cabinet on the opposite.
Go indoors and turn right into the large room with the pink carpet. Wait there.
next to a closestool, in front of the towels
The flowers are near a kitchen.
The balcony is next to a living room and connects with a bedroom via a flagstone.
at the left corner of the room
faced with a huge mosaic post in the hall.
Walk forward and towards the left side of the staircase. Enter the door and keep walking until you reach the bedroom. Turn right and enter the door to the right side of the bed. Stop in the doorway.
The flower is placed on the desk and some chairs.
Walk forward to the door with window and turn right. Wait outside the room with the big rug.
on the wall, above a furnace
against a wall, next to a washbasin
The dining room is in front of the kitchen and next to the study and the bathroom on the second floor.
The office is at the corner of a junction of three roads and on the left of the stairway door.
next to a locker, in the corner
The bar is in front of the vast resting area and towards the service desk and near some meeting offices.
Turn around and go down the long hallway. Turn the right corner, and turn left into the bathroom.
The area leads to outdoors via glass doors and connects with two small rooms.
The cabinet is in the bathroom of the bedroom.
The mirror is set opposite to a white and red bed and two paintings and above a black shelf.
Turn left and go down the steps on the left. Turn right and wait near the unicycle.
The cabinet is near a toilet and a dining room.
The vase is near a bedroom and a corridor.
Continue down the stairs, and take a left. Head outside on the left of the pool. Stop on the left of the stairs into the pool.
The bar has a bar counter and two elevators.
Exit the bedroom and enter the living room.  Stand by the sofa near the patio doors.
on the table and next to the stove
The towel is in a bathroom, opposite to the towel is the glass washbasin with two sinks in it.
between window and bed, under a book and a lamp
on the black table and next to the laptop
Turn around and turn right by the bedroom. Go in the door immediately and go down the hall. Stop.
The bedroom is surrounded by by a bal, a living room and a bathroom.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the right of the stair and there is a balcony outside and a washroom inside.
Mirror between balcony and living room, opposite stairs
The TV is on a black table and between a magazine and a white flowerpot.
The shower is in a small and bright bashroom.
there is a corridors outside the door
Tap  in the kitchen
Leave the playroom and walk straight ahead. Walk to the balcony across from the balcony. Stop in front of the balcony.
The telephone is on a short grey desk that is under a whiteboard ,next to a socket and in front of a big grass wall.
in front of a door, on a table
The book is set behind a chair and next to a fan.
The chair is at the corner of a lounge.
This lamp is in the bedroom.
There are four chairs around the table, and a tree near the table.
The books are on a table and near a sofa.
The picture is in the second row and the third column of the six pictures and above a cabinet with a silver ship.
This bedroom is located at the end of the right turn on the second floor, next to another bedroom and a storage room.
next to the closet,on the stove
facing a door, below a window
there are three small pillows put at the corner of the sofa,  and the target is put front facing the big glass door to the balcony
Turn around.  Walk down the hall, past the stairs, past the chair.  Stop right there.  Wait.
near another painting and some switches
The shutter is near a toilet.
a cubicle without a door;
over the table and flowers
near a hair drayer, next to another washbasin
Exit the living room area and take a left. Enter the kitchen and take a left. Wait by the fireplace.
There are glass baffles and stairs behind the chair.
outdoor
The area is near the balcony outdoors and behind the restaurant.
This area has a broad corridor via the central hall.
Sofa in living room
The computer is placed in the hall.
The vase is in a bathroom.
There are  one  chair  with the same size,  state on their left and a small  desk   opposite to it.
The living is next to a corridor with wood floor and is connected with a small dining room.
The sofa is set in the bright balcony.
The stool is placed in a small meeting room with the number 02.
The flower is on the table. The sofa is in front of the table.
Go past the plants and through the doorway.  Head past the wooden shelf and turn right stopping in the doorway.
The book is placed near a wall and the gate.
The bed is by the window, against a wall.
Exit the room to the left of the statue. Turn right into the first door on the right. Go straight and walk into the sitting area and stop near the rug on the floor.
The chair is set in the bright kitchen.
The dustbin is set on the ground next to a white chair in a corner.
The closetool is in a toilet.
The computer is in an office that has the number 357
Walk to the mirror and take a left before you reach it. Walk straight and out onto the patio. Stop once you are on the patio.
The sofa is on a red carpet and near a brown rectangular wooden desk.
The vase is set in the corner of a big living room.
The chair is in a bedroom with a blue carpet.
on the long sofa, among six sofas and second from left
There are some small plants put in the vases which are on the table , and there are two single chair put next to the table
There is a dark color carpet placed on the ground beside the walland the color of big bed is white and purple.
The typewriter is set near a black and gray computer and a tall brown cabinet.
on the wall, next to the table
in the middle of big table, above the cabinet
below a tap; faced with a narrow bed used for massage;
The study has many shelves on the wall and has a big table in the center.
There are two wooden side cupboards put at each side of the small bed, and some curtains placed close to the french windows.
The dining is next to a kitchen and there is a bathroom upstairs.
above a white box;beside a wastebasket.
behind the front desk;
Leave the bedroom and go out past the bathroom. Go down the hallway to the left. Go into the bedroom and stand at the bottom of the bed on the right side.
Surrounded by five chairs,. There is a potted plant on the table
there are many advertising board and shelves used for displaying the bath products;
There are many paintings and a keyboard in the living room.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Continue around to the right passing by the display on your right. Cross over the corridor with the stone tile floor into the room directly ahead. Stop once you reach the wooden flooring.
The book is set in the spacious livingroom.
The office is on the first floor and next to the stairs.
The flower is in the bathroom.
Exit the bedroom through the double doors to the right of the walk in closet and climb the short flight of five steps. Veer right at the top of the stairs ahead that leads downward and enter the bedroom with the door marked with the crossed warning tape labeled "DANGER - PELIGRO". Stopping at the foot of the bed.
across to the white wall, next to the closestool
behind the first row of the desk,on the most right side of the first row and nearst to the door
Enter the bedroom and turn left. Walk straight ahead into the bathroom Wait on the rug in the bathroom.
on the wall, next to the door, among three pictures and first from left
The area is opposite to the locker room and the tea room,sharing a corridor to an exit gate and at a corner.
The vase is in a corridor on the first floor.
there is a picture of leopard placed on the opposite wall, and a shoe like handicraft put on the shoebox
The cabinet is in a utility room.
The child-bedroom is next to the corridor on the second floor with a fireplace and a bathroom.
The sofa is placed in the middle of a big and bright living room.
on the cabinet, below the cabinet
The table is beside the window and the vase.
The door connects indoor and outdoor.
The power switch is on the lower right of a lamp and right above a wooden frame.
There is a spinning bike and a treadmill in this gymnasium.
on the left and close to the door of this washing room;
Vase in the balcony
walk past staircase, turn left at dining table and stop in front of desk.
The bathroom is next to a corridor and there is a kitchen downstairs.
The mirror is on a cabinet and across from a big bed.
The loudspeaker box is set between two walls next to a lamp and against another wall.
Exit the closet into the room then go out of the room using the door on the right . Go into the room straight acrros and wait by the toilet.
The radio is placed near the hall and a reading room.
The chair is set between two paintings, near a brown and black drawer and a lamp and opposite to a gray and black bed.
The television is opposite to a white sofa, near a black table and a blue chair.
This bar connects with a gymnasium and has a small trashcan.
Walk down the hall and wait inside the bedroom at the end of the hall.
The office is in front of a corridor door,along the road linking the tea room with the restaurant.
The pen is on a white book,between two chairs and near a computer,a mouse and a keyboard.
The modem is in a small living room.
The bedroom is at the right turn of the gate.
Take a right as you walk through the doorway into the bedroom with the yellow picture on the wall. Walk down the hallway a couple of steps, and take your first left through the doorway. Walk into the room to the immediatly left the of the bathroom and stop.
The chair is placed in the front desk.
The washing room is built in a small bright bedroom which has the main bedroom on one side and the laundry on the other.
Take a right. At the end of the desk on the left, take a left at the stairs and wait on the third step.
next to the microwave, face the cupboard by the wall
under a lamp, next to a bed
The keyboard is in the number 366 office where there is a map on its wall.
on the nightstand, on the right of the bed
next to a switch and curtain
The computer is in front of a black chair,next to a bottle and a lamp and above the white table.
The fan is set at the corner of the hall.
The study has a big table in the center and connects with a bedroom.
The bed is in the middle of two wooden stools.
Leave this bedroom, and enter the one on the right. Walk out onto the balcony Stop Once you are outside.
Leave the room and head towards the piano. Enter the office area behind the piano.
The washroom is on the first floor and next to the livingroom.
counting from right to left the third one;
The carpet is placed near the gate and next to the front desk.
Walk past the end table and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
The lamp is in a bedrioom on the second floor.
This area has is a small room with a brown chair and a red carpet.
The sink is near a bedroom and a living room.
The chair lies  near the corridor and is set on a carpet
Below the tap is a cabinet, and it face another big cabinet. There is a mirror right above it.
The guitar is near a corridor and a storage room.
Exit the bedroom. Take a sharp left. Walk down two steps. Walk forward into the bathroom. Continue forward to the bedroom. Stop at bedroom door.
The lamp is set in the bright livingroom.
The bath is located in a gymnasium.
under the window, next to the sofa
The flower is placed on the table facing the sofa in the living room.
behind a woody table, in front of a bed
Turn left and go past the bed and past the long couch.  Go to and stop at the doorway on the right.
The book is in a big meeting room.
surrounded by six rattan chairs, next to a wall painting and a mirror.
The sofa is next to a brown table, on the opposite side of a black television and next to a white and blue bed.
There is a bathroom  on the left of it
picture On the wall of the corridor
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to the washroom.
The table is set between a beige sofa and a black and gray sofa, and in front of a black stove.
The mirror is in the bedroom
The sofa is in the vast rest area.
on the sofa, in front of a television, under a lamp
Walk past fan. Walk past baptismal font. Wait at in-ground baptismal pond.
The back of vase is the living room and the front is the kitchen
The telephone is in a vast office.
at the entrance of this store.
The kitchen is next to a dining room and is in front of a storeroom.
To turn right and go straight.Then take left enter into the bed room..near books on the self.
on the first floor of the cup holder, in the central of the cup holder, in the middle of two cups
there is a study room near the balcony and there is a stair in the study room
The pillows are on a long sofa and near a fireplace.
The picture is above a long sofa and facing to whole living room.
Walk through the door and go through the other door. Go into the hall and turn left. Go through that door and stop.
It was beside a cabinet and a chair.
The chair faces a big pool and next to a small pool.
The stool is in a narrow room.
The table is near the kitchen, the bathroom, the study.
The home theatre is on the first floor and next to the livingroom and kitchen.
The pen is in a median size meeting room with the identifier of 348.
Walk down the hall towards the exit sign and turn right. Walk into the first door on the left and stop.
The area is on the first floor, and is next to the dining room.
The screen is set near the stairs and the hall.
The television is near a corridor on the second floor.
This wooden chair is directly below a long white table, to the right of a wooden ladder.
Turn around and exit the bedroom. Walk to the other side of the room past the stairs. Once you reach the other side, turn right and enter the double doors. Walk into the small hallway and then enter the first door on your left. Once in, stop in front of the shower stall on your right.
The table is surrounded by four chairs and near a black television.
Go straight then turn right and pass the many desks until you get to the ping pong table. Wait there.
lamp at the end of the corridor on the second floor on the first floor living room
Go towards the back of the church, between the long pew on the left and rows of pews on the right  Go towards the pack exit.  Stop to the left of the of the wall which is to the left of the exit, with a brass handrail.
The calendar is placed in the hall.
The TV is in the living room.
hung on the wall, above the toilet
The lamp is near a corridor.
the laundry room is near a corridor and a bedroom.
The recline is located in a sunny coutryard.
above a washbasin, next to the window of the bathroom
between two beach chairs, There is a small potted plant on the table.
there is a glass made vase close to the mirrora black artware is close to the target
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn slightly left and go past the round table an chairs. Wait there.
The stool is against the wall and near a desk.
The vase is set near two white washing machines and a white sink.
The mirror is set next to a book shelf and near the stairs.
There are two massage beds and a carpet in the sauna.
The dustbin is on the left of a black box,on the right side of the printer and in front of the socket.
behind the swimming pool and the desk
Go into the dining room and wait next to the piano.
The light is placed next to  the hall and near a reading room.
The corridor is on the second floor and there is a room in the end of the corridor.
vase In the living room
Exit the room.Turn left in the hall, away from the stairs. Walk into the wine room and stop.
There are some flowers in the vase. The vase is placed on the table.
There is a white door opposite the mirrorand a big bed is in the big bedroom.
The carpet is located in a bright livingroom.
on a platform , below the water tap
next to the trash can, next to the small table, on the left of the door
The table is near a study.
The fire hydrant is at the junction of the three corridors.
on the glass table, facing the curtain
Go down the stairs, and take a right . walk forward towards the leather chairs next to the table. Once you reach the bench on your right stop and stand on the wood between the bench and the carpet.
The telephone is set on the right side of a blue and white bed, near a guitar and near a beige and brown lamp.
The balcony is next to the living room and in front of the coutyard with a swimming pool.
at the corner of the corridor;opposite two shower cubicles;
The light is set in a small bed room.
The bookcase is near a brown mirror and a black fitness equipment.
The washing machine is near a toilet and a bedroom.
Walk forward with the large round dining table behind you. Walk through the arch on your left and take a left. Stop in the doorway to the hallway.
The balcony is outside the bedroom, which is in the end of corridor, on the second floor and on the left of the corridor when go upstairs.
Head toward dinning area walk past then make a left and enter bedroom area, and wait.
The towel is hung on the cabinet below the flower in the kitchen.
on the handle, above the toilet, next to the picture
There are two big tables and a wine cabinet on the opposite of the drawer.
The vase is located in the bright livingroom.
there is a sculpter on it and a sofa on the left
Turn around and walk toward the closet, veering to the right to go down the hall. Stop in the open glass doorway.
The paper towel is on the table with a slivery sink, near a gray cabinet and near a induction cooker.
The tissue is near a toilet and under some switches.
Walk forward through the door and go out of the bathroom, through the door on the left.  Walk down the hallway and stop at the first door on the left.
It has a woody table lamp holder and there are some small holes in the lampshade.
The pillow is in a big living room.
move towards the couch.
This area has a large swimming pool and a treadmill.
next to the nightstand, under the window
The sink is located in the washroom.
The office is along the road to the stairs of the exit and around the corner of a junction of three corridors.
next to the stairs, on the second floor of the bookshelf
near a wooden tissue box; faced with a wooden holder and a brown bed.
Go into the hallway and to the right. Wait in the office, in front of the loveseat.
near a bar counter, next to a chair
on the left of this hall.
It connects with a man washroom and a woman washroom.
The flower is placed on the desk and some chairs in the living room.
The clock is placed in the reading area.
hanging on the black racks; against a screen. next to a rounded bar.
The small chair is put at the cornerr outside the hovel ,which is under a beautiful picture.
The area is next to the living room and the corridor and on the third floor.
The sofa is near a narrow empty room.
The sofa is near a bedroom.
The office is opposite to 302 big office,in front of the corridor gate and near the tea room.
The table is settled in the center of a dining room on the first floor.
The bedroom is in the end of the corridor and on the right of the end.
The mirror is white, glass and rectangular.
The sofa is located in the bright livingroom.
The decorations are in a small bedroom.
The area is next to the living room and  on the second floor.
The plant is towards the gate of the corridor and faces the service desk at a slant.
The pool near the platform.
innermost of the whole room.
between a door and a wall, above another hinge
GO to the left, and to the foot of the bed, turn and go left.  Just before you leave the big circle on the floor, you'll need to stop.  Wait there.
Face with the staircase on the left and the paintings on the right. Walk down the hallway through the door towards the bed. Turn left after passing through door and stop where the socks are hanging on the right.
The chair is settled in a study.
above a table, in front of a shelf
Leave the rooftop by heading downstairs.  Wait at the bottom of the stairway, directly in from of the two framed works of art.
It was sandwiched between two chairs.
Sculpture in living room
Walk all the way straight towards the room that is in front of you. Enter the room, and stop next to the sofa that is on the left.
The lamp is on the ceiling and above the vase.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk around the bed and turn left outside the bedroom. Walk right through the entryway and walk to the top of the stairs and stop.
The area is behind the resaurant and next to a meeting room.
The clock is settled in a study.
on the wall, above the washstand
The telephone is near a corridor and a kitchen.
the bathroom is on its right side
Move forward to the doorway until you see the art on the wall. Once there, change your direction and move onward towards the left. Continue your forward progress through the bedroom. Past the footstool on your left. Continue moving forward out on the balcony and come to a complete stop behind the couch.
on a wall, near a massage bed
The kitchen is on the first floor and next to the livingroom.
The box is set next to a wall and near the gate.
The bedroom is on its right side.
next to a treadmill, near a massage bed
The lamp is set next to a white stool in a corner.
next to stairs, near a bookshelf
This area has a woody door and lots of benches.
There are decorations on the wall and a large swimming pool in the gymnasium.
embed in a marble surface; beside a switch and a metal tissue box on the wall;
next to a bed and a white chair, on a white nightstand
The clock is set in the bright livingroom.
in the middle of two nightstands, under the fan
The balcony is on the third floor, outside the livingroom and next to the kitchen.
The television is hung above the sink next to the cabinet.
next to a green plant, next to a piano
The small container with many cards is put in the study.
The sofa is near a tall lamp and a painting and behind a wooden and vitreous desk.
The phone is on the table settled in a warm child-bedroom.
under the big table, in front of the stairs, among four stools and second from left
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the corridor when up to second floor and in the end of the corridor.
The picture is beside the lamp and bed.
The cabinet is set close to a woody door.
Exit the bedroom. Go to the drum set.
The area has a bed and a table next to the bed.
The bedroom is next to a corridor and there is a living room downstairs.
The area has decorations on the wall and a massage bed.
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to the kitchen and dining room.
The curtain is near a toilet and a corridor.
The cabinet is near a study and a corridor on the second floor.
The table is placed in front of the chair and the cabinet.
The picture is settled in the corner of a kitchen on the first floor.
under the hair dryer, against a wall
Walk past stove. Make right through open black door. Walk past outdoor dining room. Walk up stairs. Wait at black rocking chair.
The oven is set in the spacious and bright kitchen.
The livingroom is on the third floor, next to the dining room and there is a balcony outside.
The room is kind of crampled and with wooden floors;
a room within two different mirrors and a glass shower cubicle;
Vase in the bedroom
Turn left and go up the steps. Continue straight and go up three more steps. Wait at the top.
There is a big bed and bathroom in the bedroom.
The table is near a kitchen.
Walk towards the small table in the center of the room. Enter the doorway on the right. Turn right when you get to the fountain and enter the door.
on the desk of the food bar,under two lights,next to two stacks of books
The mouse is in a big office that is large enough for six people to work.
The area is next to a dining room and leads to outdoors via a door.
The bathroom is next to a study and a bedroom on the first floor.
Walk forward and make your way up the steps, turn left and make your way past the chair before stopping at the beginning of the stairs.
The chair is set near a bedroom.
The room is at the end of the corridor,opposite to another empty room and connects to the rest area through a road.
in front of a brown cabinet;next to the door;
The flowerpot is in the corner of the the bedroom's balcony.
The office is along the road to the exit and around the corner of a junction of three roads.
in the center of the rectangular room;
The paper towel is near a dining room.
next to a black table, below a picture
sofa next to the balcony
Go to your right and go past the kitchen and go to the left of the bar. Just past the bar, go into the bedroom on the left. GO a few steps into the room and wait there.
in the middle of two sofas, there is a plant on it
The bottle is near a wooden salver and behind of a red sofa.
in the innermost position of the corridor,near the window and in front of the cabinet
between a furnace and a curtain, against a wall
The power switch is in the aisle.
The bedroom is quite small ,and There is a small wooden table put next to the bed which is opposite the cloth cabinet.
The sofa is placed in the living room ,which is front facing the glass door and close to a red carpet.
The toilet is next to a warm child-bedroom on the second floor.
The dustbin is in a median size meeting room with the identifier of 348.
The washroom has one door and two washbasins.
Exit the door on the left then turn slightly left to go straight down the hallway. Go up the steps then turn left and go out the door on the left and stop.
The massage bed is put in a gymnasium.
The drawer is under the table and next to the door.
The bench is in the middle of the two pillars.
The table is placed in a dining room with wood floor.
The pillow is set on a white sofa and on the right of a green pillow.
The wall of this painting is relatively old.
It was installed in the toilet in the workshop
The vase is near a corridor on the second floor.
next to the door, next to the wall
The picture is hung on the wall facing the sofa.
The switch is near a green painting and opposite to a white cabinet.
surrounded by a small table and a long table, connecting two floors
It was placed in a corner of the reception area.
in front of a picture, next to a cupboard
below a vase, below a bowl
The lamp is in a narrow room.
next to the door, next to the fireplace
behind the big sofa, facing the fireplace
The water dispenser is located in a gymnasium.
on a stone table, next to some fruit
The glass is placed on a big table surrounded by ten chairs and next to three cups.
Exit the laundry room and go down the stairs a bit to the left. From the base of the stairs turn right and go straight, stopping once past the first doorway ahead.
on the right of the bed, on the nightstand
Leave the exercise room, turn left, enter the doorway, and wait.
embeded in a wooden table; faced with a small wooden door inside a room.
The sink is on the table and beside the vase.
on a door, against the wall
This sink is in the study.
The stool is near a cabinet and there is the same stool behind of it.
Turn right, walk down hallway passed paintings,walk straight through double doors, turn left, go straight, turn left at the kitchen and stop by the refrigerator.
The closet is on a small attic, which is on the second floor.
The sink is in front of a big mirror and under four lights.
This area has a range of metal fences.
He was directly under the sink and diagonally below a ceiling light.
The computer is in an office numbering 356 that filled with stationery,book and poster.
The box is set in the hall.
Hanging on a metal shelf on the wall with a sink next to it
The area is near the balcony outside the window and at the back of the restaurant.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Wait there in the bathroom.
This area is close to the wall with some pictures .
The shutter is set in front of a white and brown bed and two small black tables.
The living room is near a study and the room has lots of photos.
The vase is between two power sockets and connect with a balcony via a glass door.
Enter the door to the room with a lot of sofas. Go straight then left and head down past the TV. Stop at the corner at the door leading to the bathroom.
Walk inside the house. Take a left to walk past the TV and the white couch. Wait in between the two plants.
The plant is in a big dining area.
next to the white bed and another lamp with the same color and shape, near the window with black curtain
It was placed in a pot and placed on a round table.
You can see a reception area next here, where the stairs beside.
The stool is in the tea room.
on the left side of the room,under the second table from left to right
The cabinet is placed next to the toaster below the cabinet near the toilet.
cabinet above is the pool with appliances on the left and right
on the second row of the stairs, facing the screen, under the projector
The television is located in front of the bed , in the bedroom.
next to a white chair, below a ceiling lamp
The chair is near a red sofa, in front of a black carbinet and near a wooden table.
The bar connects with a gymnasium and has a trashcan.
Exit the bathroom and turn left, go past the stairs and turn right then go past the kitchen table and turn left. Wait by the white couch that is facing the painting.
on the left side of the room;
The drawer is in the corner of a bright and big living room.
on a wall, near a washbasin
next to the window with red curtain, next to the door of the cloakroom
Go down the stairs and then turn right. Go stand behind the easel by a unicycle next to a door.
The table is near the same wooden table, near a cabinet with utensils which has two wooden chairs with brown leather cushion nearby and near three windows.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and connected with a gym.
The black board is placed in the tearoom.
Exit the bathroom toward the room and pass the black curtain, then pass the green couch and go out the white door on the right and stop at the top of the stairs.
there is a bedroom behind it
There is a book with the same state, size, colour next to it and a  round fan next to it.
The bedroom is next to the stairs and near the closed door on the third floor.
facing the table, in front of the curtain
They're near a door.
Move forward past the white coach and then turn left. Continue up the stairs and stop.
The lamp hangs on the ceiling and above the table.
The microwave oven is set under a brown cabinet and near some plates.
There are pillows on the bed and there are tables on the left and right
The black board is placed next two stairs and near a reading room.
The lamp is in a big bedroom on the second floor.
The bedroom is on the second floor, on the left of the corridor when going upstairs and in the end of the corridor.
a beautiful painting is put at the top of the bookcase, and a leopard print sofa put close to it
on the long sofa, among six pillows and on the right of them
Walk past the mirror towards the right and walk all the way through the bedroom. Wait just outside the door to the patio.
Exit the bedroom. Walk past the painting on the right. Make a right, and walk past the vent in the ceiling. Make a right through the open door. Wait in the door's threshold.
The glass is set near a yellow jar on a yellow table ,in front of a sofa.
The microwave is in the tea room.
Walk down stairs, turn right and wait next to unicycle.
Walk through the bathroom into the room with the double beds.
The desk is near a living room.
The lamp is set on the right side of a green bed and a white telephone.
The table is near a corridor and a living room.
Turn hard left to walk past the end of the bed, turn right at the fireplace and then exit the bedroom through the left doorway. Wait in the bathroom by the window.
next to a chair, under a flowerpot
The toilet is under the towel and to the right of the pool.
beside a table, in front of the bed
The bedroom is next to the corridor on the second floor with balcony and stove.
The pillows are in a living room.
The flower is above the vase and the table.
The flowerpot is placed in a staircase.
there is a stair in the corner of the study room and a balcony outside the study room
Exit the room, and immediately turn right.  Continue straight through the bathroom with the white floor.  Exit the bathroom through the door straight ahead.  Wait here.
Exit the door on the right. Once in the hallway, turn right and walk all the way down the hallway and stop in the doorway straight in front of you.
The cap is placed on some books,on a yellow table surrounded by three  chairs.
against a wall hanging three pictures;
There are some pillows on the sofa and a table in front of the table.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Go straight down the hall. Stop in front of the shower.
The small office faces the locker room at a slant and connects to a road leading to the tea room and the sofas.
Walk out from behind the piano and towards the dining room table. Once you reach the table, turn left and enter the next room with a table. Once in that room, turn left and then stop in front of the mantle.
The door is set in the spacious bedroom.
at the entrance of the room;
It hangs on the second-floor porch of the villa
The power switch is on the wall and beside the door.
in front of a pillow,on the left of a wooden desk,on the right of a painting
face a woody bed, set on a armoire
on the right of a short table, next to the glass wall and glass door, there are three pillows on it
There is a big sofa, tables and chairs in the living room.
Walk toward the Urinals. Take a left and exit the restroom. Walk by the drinking fountain. Exit through the doorway on the right. Wait there.
The painting is near a living room and a bathroom.
The cabinet is placed in the hall.
The bedroom is surrounded by a bal, a living room and a bathroom.
The sink is to the right of the towel and under the mirror.
The sink is before a big mirror and a brown bookcase.
below a TV hung on the ceiling; beside a huge pilar;
Walk past the living room into small hall area. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and wait in the doorway.
a narrow room with a narrow bed
The vase is on the table. There are some flowers in the vase.
Sculpture near the corridor connecting the gym
Go towards the pool and stay on the right of it, when you get near the last glass wall stop.
The office is around the corner of a junction of three corridors and on the left of the stairway door.
on the left of the cabinet and another painting
Turn and from the door on the right wall from the perspective of the front door. Enter and go ahead towards the middle of the kitchen.
The bookshelf is located in the bar.
near a door, on the fourth layer of the shelf
there is a corridors outside the room
The lamp is near a brown and black drawer and next to a gray and black bed.
The table is on the opposite side of a narrow empty room.
The power switch is in the utility room.
The  chair is set at the  corner of the room and  close to the  wall.
There is a mirror next to the bed with a wooden window.
The  cabinet  is set near a glasses door of the hall.
The chair is on the right side of a wooden table under a wooden box, near a beige, floriated sofa and near a red chair.
There is a box of medicine and a charger on it.
on the left of the same sink; beside a hair drier
The curtain is in the study.
The bedroom is next to the stairs and has a woody table in it.
The kitchen is next to the dining room, facing the stairs and on the third floor.
The chair is on the right side of the black wooden screen and in front of the window.
There is a desk and some chairs on the opposite.
below a wall lamp;near a brown cabinet;
next to a picture, on the left of a fireplace
There is a sink above the cabinet and two towels next to the cabinets.
The  computer is on the right of a white huge pillar and face the corridor at a slant.
Exit through the bathroom door.  Continue straight and take a right after the bed.  Walk through the doorway and turn left.  Wait next to the refrigerator.
The desk is next to a kitchen and a bedroom upstairs.
The sofa is located in the middle of the livingroom.
The umbrella is set in a metal jar near a wall.
The picture is hanging in the corridor.
The oven is on the right side of the refrigerator and under the cabinet.
The shower is set in the washroom.
next to a washbasin, against a wall
behind the sofa, in front of a television
Walk past the fireplace and chair and into the hallway. Veer left and walk past the end table. Walk past the stairs and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and stop.
Turn around and go pasr wooden  doorway, turn to the left and go down a hallway.  Go past a bar on the right.  Then go on to the patio, through the big double doors.  Wait there.
Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Stop before you exit through the ornate glass doors.
It located in the corridor.
The chair is located in a bright balcony.
The newspaper is in a corridor on the second floor.
The painting is near a bathroom.
The lamp is on the table and to the right of the door.
The living is on the first floor and there is a balcony outside.
opposite the mirror in the middle of two doors of the men's and women's changing rooms.
under the big table, in front of the stairs, among four stools and third from left
Head out of the bathroom and past the bed.  Turn right and go into the hallway.  Turn left and stop in front of the stove and refrigerator.
The book is opposite to the gate of the 05 meeting rooom and behind the restaurant.
The living is on the first floor and is next to a long corridor.
The monocycle is set in a corner and near a bookshelf.
The table is in a rest room.
The painting is in a food bar.
The room is nearly at the end of a corridor ,next to a hollow office,and faces the stairs of exit at a slant.
The sculpture is in a balcony.
The corridor is narrow which is to the hovel two small bedrooms and a detached bathroom and a small chair is close to the shoebox, which is put at the corner.
There is a big TV put in the living room ,but without a balcony .
The painting is located on the corridor.
Go through the door, around the chair, and through the door on the right. Go through the door on the left of the stairway. Turn the corner to the room and stop.
The painting is set near two skateboards, above a white bedside table and near a white and brown bed.
Along the corridor there are many offices .
on the right of a fire place, under a lamp
The painting is near a big desk, on the right side of a big beige sofa and near a tall lamp.
Turn left and walk down the hall through the double doors. Turn left and walk towards the dining table. Turn left again and wait by the refrigerator.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Take a right into the bedroom first on the right. Stop nesxt to the door.
The club chair is under a picture, next to a metal stool.
a recieption for this area;
The toilet is near a corridor and a kitchen.
The sofa is near a kitchen.
The cabinet is placed against the wall in the kitchen.
Walk down the corridor and keep going past the class offices. Stop outside of the area with the lockers. Stand next to the exit sign.
Turn right and then  wait in the hallway.
There is a big TV and several different size sofas put in the living room which without balcony.
Picture on the wall of the corridor
The curtain is near a toilet.
The bathroom is next to the cloakroom and in the master bedroom on the third floor.
on the sofa, among three pillows and on the left of them
The picture is set on the left side of the corridor.
The sink is beneath the mirror and next to the towel.
The lamp is near a storage room.
Exit the room and walk straight through the tiled area. Enter the next room and wait near the entrance by the suitcases.
next to the switch, on the first floor of the bookshelf
Exit the house and walk past the lounges on the patio.Wait at the doorway to the office on the left.
The sofa is on the right of a yellow box and on a carpet.
The bedroom where can see a kitchen and a stairs leads to a utility room via a ladder.
The sofa is in a rest room.
A red chair on the left of the vase and some frame and paintings on the right.
The drawer is placed below the toaster and microwave next to the toilet.
on the left of a yellow book,in front of two glowing screens and on the right side of glass wall
The kitchen is on the first floor, next to the livingroom.
The bed is near a toilet and a corridor.
The chair is opposite to the same chair, before a window and on the left side of a brown table.
The chair is set in a big and bright living room.
on the right side of this hall;
The dustbin is in an office with the number 302.
The bed is near a green sofa and red sofa and next to a tall brown lamp.
near the stairs, near a bar counter
The counter is in a food bar.
The lamp is near two beige sofa and near a big beige desk.
Cabinet  in the kitchen
next to the door, in front of the bed
Walk through the bathroom. Enter the dressing area outside of the bathroom. Stop between the closets on the right.
The plant  is placed next to a conference room and next to the gate.
The vase is next to a toilet and a kitchen.
Turn right and go through the kitchen. Walk past the couches on the right and into the hallway on the left. Go straight until you get to a room that is to the left of the pictures of children on the wall. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
The mirror is on the wall and above the pool.
The cabinet is set close to a corridior of the hall.
on the table, in front of a shelf
The picture is on the wall and on the top of the sofa.
The study has a furnace in the corner and two chairs.
under the pictures, next to a door
The computer is placed near a tea room and a big conference room.
next to the sofa and the staircase
The sink is near a silvery and yellow vase and opposite to a black toilet.
The dining table is set in a dining room.
facing the stairs, behind the oven
Go out of the bedroom and take a right past the painting to the little hallway. Go into the first room on your right.
With the stairs directly on your left, walk down the hallway.  When the hallway ends in an open door to a bedroom, turn right and enter the other bedroom with the blue blanket on the bed.  Stop near the lamp when you first enter the room.
the living room is near a dining room and a open-balcony.
The drawer is set near a black and brown chair and a brown cabinet and under a small vase.
There are many posters in the corridor.
The sink is put on the washing table in a small bathroom ,which is installed under a tap ,close to the small mirror.
Walk through the office passed the table and armchairs. Walk through the door on the other side of the table swith the arched window above. Walk down the hall and into the room at the end of the hallway. Walk towards the circular tables in the middle of the large room.
There are two washing machines nearby, Below the tap is a cabinet
The painting is in a bedroom.
the stair is in the corner of the study room on the second floor and in the corridor on the first floor
Go to the left and take the first left.  Go up the staircase.  When you're just about to the top of the steps, you should wait.
on the wall, next to the door, among five pictures and fifth from left
facing a long table, next to a lamp
Go out the door. Go left. Head past couches, and up the stair. Stop by the table.
The bush is in the master bedroom.
The cabinet is on the right side of a white and yellow bed and next to a beige and brown lamp.
The lamp is in the bedroom.
They are the last stairs to the room.
The cabinet is placed below the sink next to two towels in the kitchen.
The tablet computer is placed in a tearoom.
The sofa is next to a door and in front of a glass desk.
There is a tap right above it. On its left side is a big cabinet.
The chair is in a small office.
The flowerpot is placed in the corner of a small living room with wood floor.
There is a wide mirror with black frames;
the sofa there are four pillows on it and a small table in front
next to another three chairs with the same colour, state on its left,  opposite to five chairs with the same colour, state.
The cabinet is set near a microwave and next to a big table with a sink.
The table is below a sculpture and to the right of a switch.
The bed is placed near the hall and a tearoom.
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and sixth from left
hung on the white wall, behind the sofa
The chair is in the bedroom.
The study is on the first floor and next to a living room and a bedroom.
There is a water-tap and a sink above the cabinet.
Go around the bed and into the hallway. Go straight passed the stairs and stop in the doorway on the left.
The mirror is set in the bright bedroom.
around the table, facing the glass window, second from the left
There is a window next to it and a switch below the side
The chair is settled in the corner of a big bedroom.
The dustbin is placed in a small conference room.
set on a woody night table and next to a woody bed,  near a blue and green wall painting
Turn right and walk along the laundry room area. Exit the area through the doorway on the right. Wait there.
There is a stove above the drawer and a carpet below the drawer.
The meeting room is between two meeting rooms,behind the stairway door and in front of the lobby.
next to two beds, another lamp with the same color and shape and the armoire
The glassed are near a balcony.
The flowers are in a dining room.
The study is next to a bashroom and facing a corridor.
The sculpture is located in the corner of the stairs.
Turn right and walk along the hallway. Turn slightly left and walk towards the stairs. Turn slightly right and walk towards the kitchen area. Wait by the painting in the kitchen area.
The box is settled in the corridor on the second floor.
There are many chairs and desk in the dining room.
The sink is set in a table. A bigger sink is left to it. A small mirror is right to it.
next to a big yellow picture, next to three transparent and white bottle
TURN LEFT YOU FACE A CHANDELIER ABOVE A GREEN TABLE WITH A DOOR WAY TO THE LEFT AND AN OPEN DOOR ON THE FAR WALL, WALK TOWARDS THE OPEN DOOR ON THE FAR WALL, WALK THOUGH THE DOOR AND DOWN THE HALLWAY INTO A ROOM WITH A BLUE PATTERNED CARPET AND A TABLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROOM.
There are three mirrors and two sinks installed in the bathroom, and the bathroom is the one in big bedroom which attached with a dressing room and balcony.
The stool is placed  near a reading room and next to the hall.
on the left of the small table, next to the glass door, under the glass window
belongs to a corner of a hallway.
The single sofa is placed front facing the bookcase ,and back facing the glass door to the balcony in the relaxing area.
The chair is on the right side of a black bookshelf, on the left side of a black thin table under a black full-length sculpture and below two pictures.
attalea speciosa near the balcony
Walk straight into main lobby, stop in archway on the right.
Its backrest faces two doors and the chair is on the carpet.
next to a phone, in the corner of the table
The power switch is on the wall and beside the staircase.
Turn left and go passed the painting. Continue passed the bar and turn right and then go through the left doorway.
The sofa is located in a bright balcony.
The vase is settled in a small and bright living room.
There is a washing machine and a dryer under the cabinet.
There is a shower room, toilet and sink in the bathroom.
The switch is near a white sink and three mirrors.
between a living room and a study, near a television
The plant is in a meeting area.
The lamp is placed in the corner of a bedroom.
There is a television besides and some pillows on the recliner.
between the window and the sink
The picture is in front of a window and next to two wooden doors.
The cabinet is set near a black table under a black sculpture and a black lamp and near a white and brown bed.
There  are two cabinet with the same state, size, colour on its left and a brown desk  opposite to it.
next to the staircase and the plaid sofa
The shutter is in a bathroom.
The meeting room is opposite to the room that's not allow to entry and faces the lobby at a slant.
The lamp is in a bedroom on a second floor.
Walk through the door and around the table. Turn left and walk to the end of the kitchen bar. Turn right and walk around the chair. Turn left and walk into the small hallway then go into the bedroom.
The desk is in the kitchen.
The office is at the corner of the three fork road,connecting to two corridors and next to an empty office and opposite to the room 356.
Go straight down the hallway and stop in front of the big white pillar.
there is a kitch  behind it
The study has the window which opens outwards and near the dining room.
on the side of the room
The stair is near a living room.
The glass is near a living room.
This room is along the corridor leading to the exit and around the corner of a junction of three roads.
next to the glass door, under the switch
The gym is between two bashrooms on the second floor.
The flower is in a vase and on the table.
The fireplace is on the corner of a warm child-bedroom.
opposite to the white door, there are two clothes in the clothes rack
the entrance of the house is beheind the sofa
the bedroom is near a corridor which is near a living room
over the water channel,opposite to the locker and on the right of the liquid soap
above some red books on the locker,on the right side of the display and on the left of a pillar
on the table, beside the vase, behind a photo
The mouse is in the 302 office.
next to stairs, in the corner
This study connects with the outside via a door and has a long table.
The display is placed near a reading room and the hall.
The meeting room is by the side of the vast reading area and behind the restaurant.
The box is on a desk in front of a window, to the left of a computer.
The bed is located in a bright bedroom.
After you leave the laundry room make a left in the hallway, and go to the bedroom straight ahead. When you are in the doorway of the room go to the doorway of the closet on the left and wait.
The microwave is in a kitchen.
The bed is beside the window and lamp.
under the mirror, facing the balcony, next to the toilet
There are two chairs with the same state, colour on its right and one chair with the same state, colour on its left.There are five chairs with the same state, colour opposite to it.
the corridor links a bedroom ,a Laundry room and a living room.
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and second from left
Walk through the living room area passed the couches and into the hallway in the corner of the room. Walk through the open double doors. Turn around and walk through the open door immediately next to the double doors. Walk into the open bedroom with wooden floors and a chandelier.
on a black table, next to a golden box
The master bedroom is next to the stairs and has a bathroom and a cloakroom in it.
Facing the chandelier, There's another big painting in front of it.
They lead to a room with two sofas.
The table is beside the door and under the lamp.
cabinet in the kitchen
surrounded by a bathroom , a bed and a cabinet
Walk forward and go up the stairs that are to the slight left. Wait in the entrance way to the house.
There is a window on the sofa and a black wooden cabinet near the sofa.
Go up the steps. Turn left and go up more steps until you get to a grey door. Go straight into the room and stand near the black chairs.
Outside the meeting room there is  a corridor leading to the lobby and a stairway door in the corridor.
The area connects house and outdoors with a stone dome.
next to the woody doors and below the mirror
The desk is in a big and bright living room.
The resturant is opposite to the service counter and near the corridor to the meeting room.
The bedroom is next to a bashroom and balcony.
The shoebox is placed hard by the wall , opposite the big bed close to the door of big bedroom.
next to a trashcan, next to a hair dryer
The lamp is on the bedside table, next to the bed
turn right. exit room. turn right again. walk up stairs in the hallway to first door on the right. turn right into the den.
The chair is in a small single office.
Go past the stairs and into the kitchen/living room.  Walk past the counter. Go onto the deck and stop by the houseplant.
The restroom is at the left rear corner of the stairs.
below a decorative piture;faces a rounded table;
The bed is near a living room and a toilet.
The luggage is near a living room and a toilet.
The desk is near a porch.
Walk straight down porch. Stop at table.
The sofa is set at a corner of the living room, on the second floor.
Exit the room and walk straight, stopping once you reach the guardrail, close to the top of the stairs.
on the wall in the middle of the door and a dresser.near a brown cabinet;
The tissue is put on the table in a bedroom.
next to the wall, next to faucet, on the right of the door when facing the balcony
Turn around and go passed the doorway on the right. Go to the second door and turn right then go all the way back to the bathroom.
The table is set between two beige sofas and near two beige cuboid chairs.
The table is in a big simple shared office with the number 363.
beside a wall with a decorative picture. beside an identical bed .below a wooden holder.
The picture is placed facing the stairs next to the cabinet.
in front of a picture, above a drawer
The washroom is inside the office, which is next to the stairs and livingroom and on the first floor.
The bar is in front of the vast resting area and towards the service desk.
With the couch on your right go forward past the table and loves eta and take a right to go around the piano and take a left into the hallway on the left of the stairs if you are facing the stairs and stop in the doorway just inside the hall.
The bike is placed against a wall and next to a yellow chair.
The vase is in a rest room on the second floor.
The dustbin is set near the gate and the front desk.
The office is at the corner is at the corner of the three fork road and next to an empty office and opposite to the room 356.
The chair is set in the livingroom.
The desk is near to two stone statues. Two candles are on the desk.
Exit through the bathroom door.  Turn left, and walk straight down the hallway.  When you reach the end of the hallway turn left into the kitchen area. Wait by the counter top.
There are two big tables and a wine cabinet on the opposite of the cabinet.
The curtain is opposite to a white and brown bed and two skateboards.
The television is near a corridor and a storage room.
The pot culture is near the stairs and opposite the kitchen
The bed faces the window.
The bathtub is in a bathroom.
The gym is between two bashrooms and face a corridor.
The glass door is installed in the detached bedroom which is placed opposite the white bed ,close to a small cabinet.
Next to the door.  There is a bathtub on its right side.
Walk toward the mirror and through the doorway on the right. Walk across the room and stop in the doorway.
The chair is near a corridor and a living room.
The carbinet is near a study.
Go straight down the hallway. Turn left on the last door. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the entrance.
walk out of the bedroom and stop outside the doorway.
The lamp is set next to a white and brown bed, on a small white bedside table and near two skateboards.
The washroom is inside the office, which is on the first floor and next to the stairs.
The table is near a transparent dining-table, underneath a picture and near two brown chairs.
Turn around. Walk past the left side of the vanity. Walk into the room with the cordoned rail.
Leave the bathroom and go straight then right out of the bedroom. Go left a bit and stop in the kitchen.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and walk down the hall until you get to a large room on the left with a pool. Table. Walk toward the pool table and straight. Wait near the balcony.
The chair is placed under the table and the flower in the dining room.
The windows are in the wall in the living room.
there is a bouch of flowers on it and a chair near it
Exit the house and turn left. Walk straight toward the statues. Wait near the statues.
Turn right and walk past the kitchen. Continue straight past the sink and turn left, then right to go out the door into the dining room. Turn left and wait by the wine room.
face another carbinet with the same shape and color, next to the door of the clakroom
The lamp is set in the spacious bedroom.
The lamp is next to the door of the bedroom and in front of the bed.
The laundry is flanked by bedrooms, and there is a chandelier in front.
The tapestry is in a corridor.
next to the stairs, next to the switch
The drawer is placed below the oven near the floor.
The clock is set in a living room.
The keyboard is on the middle thite desk,in front of the computer and surrounded by four chairs.
The chair is on the opposite side of a atr stduio.
The computer is in the reception.
The desk is set in a bedroom.
next to the lamp, in front of the picture, on the cabinet which is on the left of television
Walk forward and go up the stairs. Take a left at the top of the stairs.Go to the next stairway and go up the stairs and stop on the landing.
Walk forward and to the left of the partition. Walk straight towards the wall of windows and turn left Head straight past the bed and turn left at the closet. Walk through the doorway and take a hard left. Walk forward and wait at the doorway by the red sculpture.
The loudspeaker box is placed in a tearoom.
The table is in a small office with the number 306.
There is a small desk with books near the cabinet and a glasses door close to it.
on the right side of the counter,on the left side of the box full of cards and in front of a chair
in front of a mirror, on the left of a fire place
The painting is in the first row, the first column of the six paintings and above two red and brown chairs.
two same tea tables are put on the rectangle carpet, they are put close to the big sofa
Go straight. Go out side to the balcony using the large glass sliding doors and wait there.
The cabinet is front facing the white bed, and the bedroom is the one which attached with dressing room and bathroom.
The mirror is near a porch.
The door is near a toilet and a corridor.
Exit the room and go through the doorway on the left past the bookcases. Walk into the hall, past the bathroom. Keep going and go into the workout room. Go to the bathroom and stop in front of the toilet.
Enter the home office and take a left.  Head inside the bedroom and wait there.
Walk down the stairs and turn right. walk down the hallway past the chairs and fireplace. Turn right and walk into the bathroom and stop.
Walk forward trough the doorway, then turn right. Stop in the next doorway.
The kitchen is next to the chatting room and the door.
The bag is in a six person office.
The computer is in a office which is on the side of the corridor and behind a glass wall.
There is a tall shelf in the front of the study and there is a big table in the center of the study.
The table is settled on the opposite side of a narrow room with a carbinet.
near a door and a television, some photos inside
The table is in the corridor.
the sofa is in the center of the room
Walk past the couch on the left. Go straight until you get to a large door on the left. Go out that door and wait outside.
Walk out of the bathroom and take a left and walk straight, down the hall, into the bedroom. In the bedroom stop next to the photo of  sailboat on your right.
The oven is in the kitchen on the first floor.
The vase is placed in the corner of a kitchen with wood floor on the first floor.
the bedroom is next to a corridor  and near aother bedroom and a stair.
The cabinet is set above the fruits and a induction cooker, and near a big table with a silvery sink.
on the wall, next to a massage bed
The lamp is in the parlor on the first floor.
The chair is near a bedroom with a blue carpet.
an empty space at the entrance of the room.
The stool is in a small meeting room with a number 02.
face a door, next to a washbasin and towel
This area is on the first floor and next to a living room.
Turn right and walk across the patio area past the sofas keeping the house to your right. Wait just before the entrance to the house on the right.
The mural is put on the wall in a bedroom.
in the middle of the cabinet, under the range hood
The mirror is in the bedroom.
The door locker is located in a washroom.
The stool is set in the spacious kitchen.
on the wall, next to the door, among two photos and on the left of them
a small and long room with wooden floors.
The chair is in a small office that only contains a set of office equipment.
next to the window, next to the TV
biside the cabinet, facing the TV
The whiteboard is placed in a  big conference room.
The power switch is in the aisle beside the stairs.
The stone is placed near a reading room and the hall.
The stool is in a bedroom.
Walk to doorway to the left of the pool stop just inside dim room with massage table.
The washbasin is located in a washroom.
The newspaper is in a big office that is large enough for six people to work.
The office is at the corner of a junction of three roads and next to the corridor door.
the bathroom is in a small bedroom which is near a corridor.
The kitchen is facing the stairs, on the third floor and next to the livingroom and balcony.
The stool is placed below the table and the vase in the kitchen.
close to the curtain and on the right of the television
on the right side of the sofa, next to the lamp
The living is next to a long corridor on the first floor.
There is a table and two vases below
on a white cupboard, face the door of the bathroom
around the desk,back to the display and far from the window and close to the meeting room
The chair is set on the left side of a brown wooden desk, behind a round wooden table and on the opposite side of a tall carbinet.
The table is on the ground floor kitchen.
The poster is placed below the television next to the wardrobe.
The sofa is in front of a white desk and near a kitchen.
The sofa is on the right side of a small white sofa and near a stove.
There is a big sofa, chairs and tables in the living room.
the chair is back facing the TV cabinet ,a red carpet is put on the front ground
The vase is near a corridor.
next to the table, next to the window
next to the woody table, next to the window
There  are some light bulbs upon the chairs and a red carpet under them.
The bathroom is a big one inside the detached bedroom, which attached with  several mirrors and two sinks.
in the corner, near a massage bed
The family cinema is on the right side of it
The television is hung above the sink next to the cabinet in the kitchen.
The cabinet is placed below the sink and the water-tap.
The door is in a bedroom.
next to a hand sink, above a drawer
in front of the desk,on the left side of the room,on the far left seat of the row
The printer is set near a small conference room and a big conference room .
The towel is set in the washroom.
in front of a mirror, facing a picture
Walk past the fireplace and to the left. top in the entryway of the kitchen.
The lamp is set in a small conference room.
many cabinets set around the room
The stool is placed near the gate and the front desk.
on the right side of a green picture,above the book shelf and some plants
There are many paintings on the wall of the living room.
Enter the building and walk past the stairs. Turn hard left at the glass table and go into the room. Stop in front of the wooden table.
Walk down the stairs, turn right, and walk towards place with a rug. Wait near the bench and piano along the right side of the wall.
The table is at the corner of a bedroom on the second floor.
next to a bed, facing a chair
faces a wooden bench;
The book is set in the small bedroom.
The cabinet is under the sink and towel.
The photo is near a bedroom.
As you exit the bathroom, continue straight down the hallway passing to the left of a stairwell leading downwards. Turn right just after the stairwell.
There are some machines and a lamp on the desk, and a black chair is in front of it.
Walk out of the room and take a left to walk down the hallway. Take another right, and continue to walk down the hallway towards the staircase. Walk to the staircase that leads downstairs and stop right at the top of them.
The chair is near a empty room.
The picture is on the wall in the living room.
Walk past George Harrison quote. Walk into master bedroom. Waiting a picture of sailboat.
The painting is in a living room.
The chair is set on the sunny balcony.
next to the hallway, beside another similar washroom;
The stool is under a lamp and near a big bed.
The livingroom is next to the kitchen, on the third floor and there is a balcony outside.
The stool is set in the hall.
The screen is settled on a brown table, near a white typewriter and near a black fitness equipment.
The chair is in a narrow room.
The living is under a bedroom, and is next to a washroom.
The washroom is inside a bedroom, which is on the second floor, on the left of the stairs and in the central of the corridor.
Walk straight in between the area located by the fire place and furniture. Continue to walk into you run into a white chair with a pillow sitting on it. Make an immediate right and then immediate left which will take you out on the patio area and then wait there.
The wooden chair was pressed against the curtains, to the right of a bookshelf.
behind the door, in the first position of the right side of the room
The sink is in the toilet beside a bedroom.
The keyboard is set near two screens and a black telephone.
The toilet is in the bathroom of the bedroom.
The book is set at a corner of the living room.
The pillow is set in the bright and spacious livingroom.
The display is hung on the wall and there is a big table surrounded by ten chairs in front of it.
Leave the closet and make a 90 degree left turn. Walk straight through the open double doors and stop on the rug in the bathroom.
The laptop is located in a study.
The sink is below the mirror next to the toilet.
Turn around and walk towards the bedroom. Enter the bedroom and walk around the bed. Walk out of the bedroom and continue walking through the hallway. Stop in front of the bathroom door.
on the left wall of the washroom;
Exit the room and head straight out of the door on the left to exit the other room then turn left and wait by the chair and sink.
The carbinet is set between two wooden chairs with red mats and behind a round wooden chair.
face a sofa, right above the switch.
In front the stool  is a dining table with a set of cutlery on it
The chair is set next to a round brown table, near a vase and near a black television.
The balcony is ouside the bedroom, which is on the left of the corridor when go upstairs and on the second floor.
the storage room is in the end of a corridor which links a living room and a corridor.
The chair is in front of the white office desk and is near two smaller foldable chairs.
The towel is hung between the sink and the toilet.
next to the white lamps and the window
against a wall with two wall lamps;
The bench is placed against the wall below the picture facing the door.
Go straight ahead and enter the bedroom. Turn right then enter the next door and stop inside.
The living room is facing a big and white living room and is connected with a small dining room.
Walk past the stairs and down the hall to the bedroom. Wait in the doorway, next to the bed.
on the far right of table and close to the corridor;
around the table,back to a pillar and closest to the gate
The stool is set behind of a  black computer and near a red stairs.
The stool is placed near a big conference and a tea room.
The table is set in the bright kitchen.
next to the washroom, under the picture
beside a brown cabinet; against a wall with two long paintings;
Here you can see the swimming pool, reception area and a wicket.
The stool is in the vast rest area.
The towel is above the pool and beside the door.
The stair is near a kitchen.
The display is set in a small conference room.
walk forward and stop after exiting the room.
The table is set in a spacious balcony.
The chair is facing the window. There is another chair in front of the chair
in the drawer of the shelf,on the left of a white baffle
Walk into the garage and enter the fitness room on the right. Go into the bathroom through the first door on the right. Stop in front of the toilet.
The mirror is located on the wall , at a corner of the bathroom.
There are two doors and two shelves in the living room.
Cross through the bedroom into the hallway and make a left, then head through the archway to the stair landing. Stop and wait near the door.
The shutter is near a towel and a table with two white sinks.
A living room is next to the bedroom
The chair is settled on the opposite side of a red leather sofa, on the righr side of the same chair and on the second step.
The mirror is in the bathroom.
next to a glass and a toiletries, in front of a towel rack
The flower is placed on the table against the wall.
The bar is in a vast lobby.
Look for the stuffed moose head above the fireplace and walk to the opening to the right of the fireplace with a stuffed deer head above it. Stop with the fireplace to your left and the deer head directly in front of you.
the washroom is opposite the door of the changing room;
in a small hall behind a wooden screen.
Walk forward through the kitchen and enter the empty room that is the third door from the left. Stop in the room next to the door.
The wardrobe is located in a small washroom.
below the TV and next to the window
a room within a cabinet, a sink and a big bed with leather cushions.
It faces the pool and there is an identical chair on the right.
There are various snacks on the desk and below the poster.
on the far right of this row;
Turn right and walk down the view steps. Turn slightly left and enter the doorway. Walk down the stairs. Wait on the first few steps of the stairs from the bottom.
The painting is set near a green and blue painting and opposite to a fitness equipment.
The plant is placed in the hall.
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to the kitchen.
faces another carbinet with the same shape and color and is next to the door of the clakroom and the bathroom
The dining room is on the first floor and next to the kitchen.
The mirror is above a white sink and opposite to a green painting with golden border.
The small cloakroom is between a corridor and a bashroom.
The flower is placed upon the table in the kitchen.
The television is near a corridor.
The mirror is next to the bathroom on the opposite of the bedroom door in the bedroom.
It was sandwiched between three cabinets, opposite a stove.
Leave the closet and walk into the bedroom.  Leave the bedroom and walk past the doors to the drum set on the other side.  Stop in front of the drum set.
next to the window, next to the dining table
The livingroom is on the first floor and next to the stairs.
The racket is placed in the hall.
The kitchen is next to a small storeroom and facing a big dining room.
Exit the bedroom and enter the bedroom on the right, go through the bedroom and go right into the glass doorway, take a step outside and then stop.
Exit the room and walk through the doorway on the left. Go into the bathroom and wait by the shower.
Go toward the bedroom door and exit into the living room. Go past the lamp and wait there.
There are several different size sofas put in the living room, and a median mirror is installed on the wall.
The sofa is on the right of one sofa and the left of two sofas.
next to the glass door,in front of a desk and near a cabinet
The corner is between the living room and the toilet.
The towel hangs above another towel.
The kitchen is on the left of it
The small living room is facing a big and white living room and is next to a long corridor.
There is a window behind the tap and a sink below
The bar has stairs in the corner and a gray trashcan.
The stool is placed under a yellow table ,in front  of a screen and next to the glass of a big conference room.
on the wall, facing the stairs
in front of a bed, beside a French windows
on the right of the range hood, facing the big table
The hall is next to the chatting room.
The table is in the balcony.
The office is along the road to the stairs of the exit and around the corner of a junction of three roads.
behind a black chair and in front of a wall painting
This is a very neat study with many books.
The screen is set on a yellow table, near the stairs,next to a shelf.
The kitchen is next to a tiny storeroom and is next to a dining room on the first floor.
There is a stone dome near the table and on the flagstone.
beside a tall cabinet; below a metal rack;
Walk across the room and wait by the window on the left.
next to the doors, below the mirror
The bed is near a corridor and a living room.
The towel is near a bedroom.
The bed rested against a white wall with another identical bed beside it.
a big room with seven identical sinks.
The flowers are in a small brown vase, on a brown and blue drawer and near a black and brown chair.
The sofa is placed behind the table in the balcony.
The table is next to a tiger skin rug, near a mirror with brown border and in front of the window.
The bottle is set in the bright livingroom.
The toilet is near a living room and a bedroom.
The cabinet is placed next to a printer and a white dustbin ,between two walls.
Turn around and enter the house. Once inside, turn right and enter the door to the left. Turn left and go up to the top of the stairs. At the stop of the stairs, turn left and stop right in front of the door to the bedroom.
The television is set near two small beige sofas and above a beige table.
The curtain is in a dining room.
The study is next to a bedroom and a living room.
The screen is set near a big conference room and a tea room.
There is a black wall behind the headboard and a bedside table on each side.
The power switch is opposite the washing machine and next to the window.
The glass is set near a bedroom and a tearoom.
The trashcan is located in a bar.
The stove is located in a bright bedroom.
The sink is in the restroom.
Leave the bedroom and go straight. Take the first left into a new hallway. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
there is dining room outside the study
a room with marble floors.
The flower is placed on the table facing the sofa.
The chair faces a pool.
The sofa is in the entertainment hall.
The toilet is in a toilet.
The chair is set in the hall.
Turn around and go to the right of the room divider, keep going all the way down past the chair on the right, and into the hallway on the right and stop.
The desk is located in the small bedroom.
the stair is near a living room.
Go up the stairs and walk past the kitchen.  Stop at the chair at the dining table that faces the windows.
The yogamat is in a gym facing a long corridor.
The sink is near a corridor.
The power switch is on the wall and under the light.
on the cabinet, next to the rectangular painting
The chair is near a toiler and a corridor.
There are decorations on the pottted plant's right in the massage bedroom.
The flower is on the table. The chairs are under the table.
Towel are bedrooms on one side and corridors on the other
The book is in a large office with the number 377.
Walk down the hall. Turn right at the table. Turn left between the couch and the kitchen area. Go past the chair into the hall and go through the doorway on the right. Go left of the family photos into the bedroom. Stop just inside the doorway.
on the second row of the bookcase, on the right of the television
Some eggs and food are put on the table.
The sofa is placed in front of the table.
The reception is opposite to the entrance and in front of the food bar.
on the right of an end table with magazines on it; beside the door of men's changing room.
The attic is above the living room, and connects with a staircase.
in the center, near a potted plant
The microwave is settled in the corner of a kitchen on the first floor.
a hall with a glass door and a recieption desk.
There is a microwave besides. There is a cabinet above.
the balcony is near a garden and a study room with a stair
Walk passed the kitchen table. Turn around the table and walk passed the counter with bar stools. Walk down the hall and stop near the bathroom entrance.
next to the main room door and a decoration.
Walk straight until you get to the the third to the last round table and wait there.
The bedroom is near a corridor and a wooden stair.
The cabinet is under a big mirror and across from a big bed.
next to the corridor of this men's changing room.
There are two desk lamps on it.
The lamp is settled in a bright bedroom on the second floor.
The corridor is on the second floor and facing the stairs.
The towels are in the bathroom.
The light is near a wooden door and there is the same light on the right of it.
The washroom has two washbasins and a trashcan.
The towel is in the bathroom.
The window is set in the small bedroom.
The stapler is in the middle room of the cabinet and next to  the bookbinding machine and in front of a sharpener.
The sofa is in front of a brown platform and next to a red leather stool.
Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left, then walk down the stairs on the right. Stop at the bottom of the staircase.
The sofa is on the left side of a brown rectangular table and two cuboid chairs.
The balcony is outside the livingroom, next to the dining room and on the third floor.
The bathroom is inside of the bedroom.
between some books,under the plants,in the first row and the second column of the first book shelf to the left of the locker
The carbinet is opposite to a corridor.
The switch is in a corridor on the second floor.
Go straight then slightly right to continue going straight.Exit the room then turn left and go into the room next door.  Turn right and go past the wall with the holes in it. Wait near the lockers.
There is a desk lamp and table beside it.
The vase is outdoors.
Pot culture  in living room
on the wall, facing the stairs, among six pictures and fifth from left
The wardrobe is put in a spacious and bright bedroom
There are two doors in two corners and a television in the front of the living room.
The bookshelf is set beside a sculpture and near a metal stair.
face the bed, there is a painting behind it.
between a box and a penholder, on the table
Behind the chair is the study.
The table is set at the center of the living room, on the second floor.
The cabinet is at the corner of a living room.
The computer is placed on a yellow table and in front of a black chair,next to a white earphone.
The sink is near a study and a dining room.
There are several different pillows on the sofa.
The picture is in the lounge.
The television is located in the living room.
next to the white bed, stand on the bedside table
Vase near living room
The living room has a big television and a big sofa.
Walk out of the bathroom and forward toward the stairs. Turn left and walk down the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair from the bottom.
There is a box and a few flowers on it.
Walk past the elevators towards the stairs, th,en past the stairs and through the door going slightly to the right. Then take the doorway again slightly to the right and go a little ways into the hall and wait.
The gymnasium has three chandeliers and connects with a washroom.
The power switch is placed next to the picture facing the bed.
next to the curtains and below the towels
This area has a fan and lots of benches on each side of the corridor .
The bookshelf is in a living room.
between two tables,on the left side of the room
Walk out of the massage room. Walk straight and then wait next to the treadmills that are on the left.
facing the table on the left which is away from the screen,close to the passageway in the middle and close to the screen
next to the door and on the left of a small wooden table;
The decorations are hanging in a small bedroom.
fases  a narrow bed; below a wall lamp;
The room is behind the food bar and close to the wide corridor set some book shelves.
The jug is in a bedroom.
The stool is set on the left side of a meeting room and behind the restaurant.
The plant is set next to a big conference room and next to a bedroom.
on the furnace, next to anothe glass
The painting is near a corridor and a toilet.
on the carpet, behind the table, next to the stairs
The flowerpot is in a vast reading hall.
The screen is placed in the hall.
the study room is near a balcony and a stair
The towel hangs on the shelf and is on the left side of the pool.
Turn to the left and walk through the living room to the breakfast bar and dinning room. Walk through the dinning room and to the dark framed door on the left side of an alcove. Walk to the entrance of the dark framed door that opens to a gold seating area.
The paintings are near a living room.
Enter the bedroom and make a left, go straight through the hallway, passed the painting, go toward the red painting and then through the doorway to the left of the red painting, take a step into the doorway and stop.
on a wooden shell,on the left of a leather sofa and on the right of a blue model.
the bathroom is next to a dressing room and next to a bedroom which is next to a open-balcony.
in front of the chair,on the left side of the room,in the second seat from left to right
The vase is inside the toilet.
The kitchen is next to a big dining room and is next to a small storeroom.
on the ceiling, near a washroom
The chair is in front of the window, on the opposite side of the table under the wooden box and near a beige leather sofa.
The reading hall is behind the restaurant and close to a meeting room and some boothes.
The cabinet is inside the bathroom.
The bathroom is built in the main room which  faces the balcony. Right below the room is the swimming pool.
next to the blue bed and another lamp with the same color, shape and near the door of the bedroom
The bathtub is in the bathroom of the bedroom.
The meeting room is by the side of the vast reading area and near the boothes.
under the mirror, face the door of the bathroom
Appliances on one side and coffee machine above the drawer
The painting is placed in a big villa
on the right of the television, beside the window, next to the sofa
a recieption of the bath center;
It has an outlet right under it and It has a very similar switch on its right.
Turn and walk along the outer edge of the grey leather couch.  Once you reach the end of the couch keep walking forward until you are standing in front of the white table in the middle of the room.   Then, turn to the left, facing an open white door leading to a room with black tile flooring.  Walk through that door, take two steps into the room and stop on the black tile looking at the sink in the corner of the room.
The sofa is set in a living room.
in the cabinet, next to the wall
against the wall opposite two mirrors.
in front of the entrance door,a big billboard,on the left of a shelf and behind a white sofa
The curtain is in a bedroom.
The bathroom is next to a cloakroom and has a balcony.
on a tea table, next to a book
The fruits are in a kitchen.
Walk through the bathroom and out of the door into the bedroom. Stand at the corner of the rug next to the doorway to the hallway.
Locate the fireplace. Walk in the opposite direction across the big dining room toward the window with shades. Stop before arriving at the table in front of the Exit sign.
The cabinet is in the number 361 small office.
next to the television, facing the sofa
Exit the shower and enter the theater room.  Then turn right and walk into the hallway. Proceed down the hallway and enter the bath room on your right.  Wait near the sink.
The chair is next to a living room.
The swimming pool is in a gymnasium.
between  the closetool and the mirror
hung on the wall, next to the washing machine
The bedroom is near the stairs and the bathroom.
There is a pillow on the sofa and a square coffee table in front
The bed is set near two white and yellow chairs and a yellow and white table, and underneath a painting.
The gymnasium has a swimming pool and a treadmill.
The study has two laptops and two leather chairs.
The vase is placed next to the sink in the bathroom.
Picture on the stairs from the first floor to the second
on the long sofa, among six pillow and third from left
The hourglass is in a big meeting room with the number 05.
a small changing room next to the men's.
Go into the room.Turn left and go past the tv. Go straight out the door. Continue straight until you get to a bedroom. Wait near the bed.
The oven is to the right of the egg and drawer.
the washroom is next to a bedroom which is near the corridor
the balcony is next to a study room and there is a stair in the corner
The drawer is placed below the shelf and some bottles of wine.
The cabinet is near a rest room.
The chair is set in a spacious dining room.
Turn left after the pews. Wait in front of the large grey rectangle.
under the vase, below the mirror
The chair is the fifth one in a row of chairs from right to left while facing to the chairs, behind a red leather sofa and opposite to a brown wooden desk.
The door is on the left of a pillar ,on the left side of the desk and opposite to a office heaped with papers.
The poster is placed on the opposite of the power switch next to the door.
The cabinet is at the office's corner and on the right of the chair.
These book are in a big cabinet and on the left of a big picture and near a big window.
The picture is hung on the edge of a kitchen.
on the table, in front of a chair
The chair is settled in a corridor on the first floor with wood floor.
Pass the bed then turn right. Walk toward the fireplace. when you get to the fireplace turn right. Turn left into the room and wait near the jacuzzi.
Standing outside the door and looking in, on its left is another same beach chair, there is a little round stool between two chair
The stairs is near the kitchen and near a white chair.
below a mirror and next to a metal tissue box;
in front of a purple sofa,on the left side of a plant and in the middle of the road
The picture is in the first row, the first column and on the opposite side of a big picture themed with mountain and lake and tree.
The chair is settled in a wide bedroom on the second floor.
next to a chair, under a lamp
There is a set of sofa and table outside.
below the TV, over against the bed
The sofa is near a rest room.
on the wall, next to the door, among three pictures and in the middle of two pictures
There is a bedside lamp on the nightstand and a bed next to it
The drawer is in a study.
The bedroom's balcony  is long and narrow, and leads to the stairs.
There are some books on the cabinet and a short desk next to it.
Walk around the brick wall toward the seating area.  Go right to go up the two steps then walk forward and go down the next set of stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs next to an open room with a couch in it.
The washbasin is in the bathroom.
face the washbasin, next to the closestool
The chair is on the left corner of livingroom facing the balcony.
on the shell,in front of the glowing advertising board and behind a piece of white cloth
This chair is on a dining room.
next to the door, under the picture
The stool is set under a yellow table surrounded by four yellow chairs and near a yellow box and a dustbin.
The stapler is near the stairs of exit and opposite to a room which is not permitted to entry.
in the middle of a metal cabin and the racks for roll papers; near a sink below a mirror;
below a cabinet, facing a door
The tablet computer is placed on a cabinet and near three glass jars.
on the left of the small table, next to the glass wall
Head upstairs and wait in the doorway near the bedroom.
This is a sliding window divided into 12 pieces of glass.
There is a display in its left.  A calendar is right above it.
walk forward towards the exit sign and turn left.  Then walk down the hall until you get to the end.  Stand next to the exit sign.
The stool is placed next to the gate and a conference room.
The sofa is set near a brown table and a shelf ,against a wall .
This area has a red carpet and a brown chair.
on the carpet, below the lamp
Head up stairs. At top of stairs turn hard right and walk along railing. Continue straight and turn towards a slight right until you are waiting between the gray chair at end of the table and a tan doormat.
The chair is on the left side of a wooden carbinet and on the right side of a small wooden table under a vase with roses.
The loudspeaker box is placed in the hall.
on the handle, above the toilet
Opposite the cabinet is the living room
The painting is set near a small purple painting and below a brown and round table.
Enter the bedroom, wait at the door to the bathroom.
opposite to a white wall, hung on the wall
The book is in a large resting area.
The lamp is in the lounge.
Go into living room and head toward the french doors.
The chair is in the corner of a wide bedroom.
The painting is hung on the wall of the bedroom
on the table and next to the window
The area connects with a bedroom and near a toilet.
under the mirror, On the wall above the sink
The dustbin is in the reception.
The printer is in an office containing numerous drink and snacks.
vase Connect the living room and yard
The scissors are in front of a pink juicer and a white printer,next to a pen, on the left of two packets of snacks and above the cloths.
under the table,in front of a chair and between two cabinets on the floor
The stool is placed a small conference room.
There is a woody  statue near the fan and some bottles near it.
Walk into the bedroom, and immediately take a left into the closet. Once inside, continue walking until you reach the first shoe rack on your left, then stop.
above the mirror, across from the bed
The sofa is in a lounge.
The area is connected with a kitchen and the cabinet faces a bigger cabinet.
Picture connects the first floor living room and the second floor terrace
Exit the room with the TV, into the room with a wooden desk with two office chairs. Exit that room through the double doors, into the curving hall. Turn into the first room on the right and stop in the doorway.
Walk straight ahead through the kitchen. Once you pass the desk area, turn left. Walk forward and stop beside the column before you reach the front door.
Go forward past the stairs, and go into the room on your left. Stop on the red run next tot he far side of the fire place.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Wait in the hallway.
The sofa is beside the table and the lamp.
The stove is placed under the column facing the balcony in the living room.
The racket is on a table with a green top, near a ping-pong ball.
there are several different pillows put on the target, and two glass made tea table put in front of it
There is a desk and a bench near the chair.
under the display,in the brown shell and above a dustbin
The vase is set in the spacious livingroom.
There is a mirror and sink next to the towel.
Go through the doorway with metal art above it. Go through the next doorway into the kitchen and stop.
The window is located on the wall of the bathroom.
The kitchen is next to a kitchen and there is a bathroom upstairs.
Walk past curved sofa. Walk past bed. Wait at bathroom door threshold.
The computer is in an office whose number is 359.
on the right of a picture, facing a long table
under the table, among four stools and second from right
The lamp is set in the bright bedroom.
Go through the door and to the right around the railing. Walk straight passed all of the chairs and stop in the last doorway on the right.
The lamp is set in the dining room.
between two black shells,in the middle of the brown book shell and at the end of the corridor
the garden is near the balcony and the balcony is next to a study room
the rest room is in a big bedroom which is in the end of a corridor and next to a open-balcony.
there is a big sofa on it, there is a table on it, on the wooden floor
Walk across game room, turn right at brown couch and enter hall with mirror, turn left and left again to wine cellar on right.
Turn right out of the wine room. Turn right past the dining room table and chairs. Turn left and stop by the couch.
next to the glass door, on the left of the door when facing the balcony.
The cabinet is in a storeroom.
The storeroom is connected with a kitchen with a corridor on the first floor.
surrounded by eight rattan and black chairs, under a green bush
There is a router and TV directly above it.
on the left side of the sofa, next to the lamp
The chair is placed in a corridor on the first floor with wood floor.
Turn right and exit into the bedroom. Turn left and walk to the wall and then turn left. Walk to the end of that area and turn right out the last door. Once out the door walk across the small room and enter the door to the far left. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
These boxes is between a ladder and a clutter.
on the right side of the sink;towards the doors of the restroom and the changing room.
The cabinet is set opposite to a black shutter and a white and brown bed.
Exit the bedroom, turn left, go up the stairs, and stop near the radiator.
The table is next to the kitchen and near the French door leaded to the courtyard.
The bottle is set in the small kitchen.
A bouquet of flowers in a vase, placed on a vanity top
beside the door of the washroom; opposite  a big basket.
The desk is near a corridor and a toilet.
The plant is placed in a tea room.
The washbasin is in the kitchen.
The chair is in the living room on the first floor.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Turn right and walk down the hall. Walk across the hall and step into the bedroom and stop.
The table is on the top of the three chairs and to the left of the wall.
Exit bedroom into hallway. Turn right and then walk into doorway on the left. Stop in the middle of the bathroom next to bathroom sink.
a carpet is put on the front doorand there is another same chair next to it
The sofa is set between two beige chairs and in front of a window.
The ladder is leaning against the chest and near a stick
The chair is on the left side of a small wooden table under a wooden box, near a beige chair and below two pictures.
This area has one door and one large mirror.
The book is set near a glass on a yellow table in front of a sofa.
The sink faces several shower rooms.
The lamp is in the food bar.
With the stairs leading down behind you and to your left, move forward parallel to the banister on your left. Continue forward until you reach the wall and then turn ninety degrees to the right. Stop in front of the first door you reach that's directly to your right.
The area is between the living room and the bedroom on the second floor.
beside a drinking dispenser; below a wall lamp;
The cabinet is on a laundry.
Exit the room through the brown doorway, go around the office table and through the double doors, go down the hallway a second and then make a right into the first brown doorway on the right and step in and stop.
The chair is set in front of a yellow and white table, a red lamp as well as a television and near a gray and black bed.
The keyboard is near a corridor.
Right above the bathtub, face the door.
The lamp is on the table settled in a warm child-bedroom.
There is a sofa in front of the closet, and a white wall on the left of it.
The dining room is near a kitchen and a living room.
Turn left. Walk out of kitchen on right side. Turn left at door. Walk through pantry. Turn left at door. Walk around table. Stop at doorway to wine room.
under a pot; next to a glass shower cubicle;
The cabinet is on a small attic, which is on the second floor.
There are green plants in the vase at the corner.
on the wall, under a hair dryer
The chairs are in front of the kitchen and face the bathroom and the study in the second floor.
a tap and a sink are under the mirrors, and there is another mirror which attached with wooden frame installed next to it.
The cabinet is near a corridor and a bathroom.
Walk towards the fridge. Turn left and walk around the corner to the right. Stop in front of the doorway before reaching the bookshelf.
The lamp is on a wooden desk and near a chair and a picture.
There is a furnace in the corner of the study and the study is on the first floor.
on the table, among four bottles and first from right
The luggage is in a bedroom.
The staircase is facing a big and bright living room and there is a corridor between them.
there a bedroom ,a bath room and a room around the corridor
The display is hund on the wall with three stools in front of it.
The laundry is flanked by bedrooms, and there is a chandelier in front
on the third row of a shelf placed a display,on the right side of the display and under a black ornament
Walk straight down the hallway to the top of the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Exit sauna and turn left. Walk towards the open door and turn right at the first open door. Enter room and turn right at the counter. Stop in the doorway.
Walk to the front of the church and go up the stairs to the stage.  Stop just behind the big marble pillar on the right, near the pews on the stage.
Walk past the patio table and into the living room and walk past the dining room table and take a right away from the double wood doors into the entryway and stop in the doorway before you get to the door.
Walk into the circular room with the large blue object on the ceiling. Stop in the doorway to the left of the blue sofa on the wall.
Walk out of the room and walk through the second door on the left. Walk left into the bathroom and stop by the toilet and stop.
walk down the stairs, turn left, and walk down rest of the stairs, walk straight and stop in front of black door.
Walk through the room towards the cabinets and the stairwell on the other side. Walk down the stairs and towards the door with the hanging hats on the wall.
Go through the doorway into a room with a bar. Go out through the other end of the room and turn left and go down a hallway.  Turn right into a bedroom with a very large window.
Move down the hall past the windows and turn slight left. Stop and wait by the the window on the immediate right.
Walk towards the sign that says "Love" and turn right.  Go through the glass doors and go down the hallway.  Step into the first door on the left and stop in the doorway to this bedroom.
Leave the kitchen area and turn right. When you reach the stairs go up them unitl you can't go higher. Go through the doorway and stop there and wait.
Head down the hallway, pass the stairs to the bedroom on the right. Stop and wait near the artwork.
Exit the room via the door on the opposite wall from the bed.  Walk straight down the hallway and stop in the entrance of the room at the end.
Move forward, wait near the doorway.
Turn around and walk through the sliding window onto the covered patio. Walk towards the right end of the covered patio and go down the steps. Open the glass door, walk through the door and stop just past the glass door.
Go through the brown double doors on the left, take a right and go through the archway, go through the bedroom and take a step on the patio and stop.
Turn to your right and go through the doorway that leads to the bedroom. Go past the desk and wait at the entrance to the outdoor living area.
Exit the garage and walk down the hallway and enter the lounge.
Walk past the railings on the left. Turn left and walk straight along the hallway in front of you.Turn right and walk past the oven on the right. Wait next to the large refrigerator on the right.
Walk towards the windows and then turn right. Walk straight and stop at the entrance to the other room.
Walk along the garage doors to the other side of the room. Walk through the open door near the water heater and into the hallway.
With the railing on your left, walk down the patio and step inside via the room at the end to the right of the table and chairs.  Stop just after stepping inside.
Wait in the kitchenette at the other end of the theater to the left.
Exit the room and turn left. Go out past the red curtain and turn right. Go through the wood door and when you get to the table turn right and go up a step. Wait near the three sinks.
Travel down the stairs, go through the door on your left and wait in the next doorway near the statue.
Exit the bathroom and then turn right and descend the staircase. Stop on the top stair.
Walk straight down the hallway past the window seat.  When you get to another staircase, turn left and stand so there is a railing to your right and behind you.
Walk down the staircase to the lower level. Continue into the hallway turning the corner to the left and continuing down the hall. Walk past the open doors and through the door at the end of the hall that leads to a bed with a white bed cover.
Exit the bedroom and turn right, walking parallel to the stairs.  Enter the other bedroom and walk towards the foot of the bed.  Stop a foot left of the horse artwork on the wall.
Go straight until you get to a stairs that is slightly right. Go up the stairs and wait at the top.
Follow the aisle past the first set of pews on the right. At the second set of pews, turn left toward the column and walk in between the sets of pews. Wait in the intersection of the center aisle.
Turn to the leflt and then to the left again.  walk to the kitchen and walk through it.Stop there by the hallway and wait.
Go through the door into the hallway. Turn right and walk all the way to the last room on the left and stop in the doorway.
Locate the large doorway on the right side of the room if you are looking at the staircase.  Walk through the doorway and enter the room, following the edge of the blue carpet, then move diagonally to the area in front of the fireplace between the two arm chairs.  Keep following the wall with the fireplace until you reach a doorway to another room with black walls.  Enter this room, walk a short way down the hallway and turn right.  Stop in the doorway to the bathroom, on the tiles.
Please take your immediate left as you leave the kitchen and enter the bedroom with the floral blanket draped across the bed.
Walk behind the table and chairs and toward the stairs. Walk up the stairs and stop on the fourth step.
Go down the stairs, and take a right. Enter the dining area on the right. Stop behind the last chair on the left.
Walk past the stairs and turn into the laundry room. Stop in the doorway to the garage.
Exit the bedroom and enter the living room.  Wait near the chair.
Leave the shower, and veer right. Take the last right on the right. Stop in the doorway on the right.
Go up the stairs, to the landing, then up the rest of the stairs. Go around the corner and wait facing the kitchen.
Go to the front of the staircase. Go down the stairs. At the bottom of the staircase stop.
Walk down the aisle and turn right. Walk down the hallway and stop in the laundry room in front of the sink.
Walk down the hall past the hanging pictures on the wall. Continue through the arched entry down the hall. Turn the corner before reaching the end of the hall into the wooden floored room. Turn and walk over to the couches surrounding a fireplace.
Walk across the bedroom to the open door on the other side of the bed. Walk through the bedroom door and through the double wooden doors into an entrance way. Just on the other side of the double wooden doors turn to the right and walk into an office with a desk on the right and two brown wing chairs on the left wall.
GO into the bedroom and turn to the right.  Go to the right again.  Walk past the makeup table.  Go down the hallway.  Turn left and into the other bedroom.  There you will wait by the bedside.
Walk forward into the bedroom. Continue forward past the two beds, then turn right. Walk forward and exit the room. Wait in the doorway of the next room ahead.
Walk through the empty room and continue out of the open door and into the hallway. Walk past the staircase into the next room. Walk passed the closet doors and into the kitchen area.
Walk toward the big window and turn left, and left again after the grey marble wall. Stop between the sofa and the dining table.
Go past the bed and out the door of the bedroom, into the hall and wait in the first doorway on the left.
Turn around and walk down the hallway.  Go until you come to the dining room.  Then turn left and you'll go down the hall.  You will come into a big living room area.  Wait at the back edge of the couch.
Take a left out of the bedroom, walk through hallway, walk into room  on the left with television, stop right as your steph on the gray and white carpet.
walk down the stairs, turn right at the bottom towards yellow painting on wall, turn right again and stop in doorway.
Turn around and walk out of the bedroom through the couble doors.  Then go to the staircase.  Go down a stair or two and then stop, wait there.
Exit the foyer, walk through the hallway to the wall, turn left, walk to the doorway to the sitting room, wait at the doorway to the sitting room.
Turn around and exit the conference room.  Follow the yellow line on the floor and continue walking past the foosball table.  Wait next to the picture on the wall.
Go around the couch towards the pictures on the wall, turn right, pass the dining table, turn left through the doorway. Wait in front of the dark colored door.
Exit the formal dining room using the doorway on the right of the room. Enter into the kitchen by turning right through the doorway and continue walking on the tile flooring. Pass the wet bar area and stop in the kitchen right before the seating area at the kitchen counter. There will be a set of white doors on the left hand side.
turn right and continue down hall, stop at end of hall.
Walk up the set of three stairs, into the room with granite counter tops.  Enter the room on the left.  Wait by couch.
Walk down the stairs and wait at the very end.
Go to the porcelain dolls Go to the door Go to the dry erase board Go to the light switch.
Walk past the stairs and enter the building via the door near the foot of the stairs.  Walk to the table in the main part of the room and face the wall with the five paintings.  Go right and stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk past the conference rooms toward the sitting area, wait at the sitting area.
Exit the kitchen by walking past the stove on the right. Walk past the dining table on the right. Walk down stairs. Wait at the hats on the wall.
Walk to the other side of the Thinkpod and wait by the shelves.
Go into the hall and up the stairs. Wait in the doorway to the kitchen and dining area.
Turn right and go out the door on your right then continue straight down the hallway until you can see a weird sink on your right. Wait there.
Walk through the hall and then the door. Turn right and then walk up the stairs.   Wait near the table.
Walk forward with the dining room table on your right and into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a  left and walk towards the patio. On the patio go to your left and take a right and go down the stairs. Stop at the landing at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk down the hallway and stop by the Christmas tree.
Go down the hallway towards the Christmas trees, make a left passed the first Christmas tree on the left, go left a step passed the dining room table on the right and stop.
Walk past the glass dining table to two steps ahead.. Climb the steps and enter the hallway on the left. Turn right and walk to the first door on the right. Enter the laundry room and wait by the first machine on the left.
Walk out the door straight ahead. Once out turn right and walk into the room straight ahead. Once in the room, turn left and then enter the door to your left. Once you enter that door, enter the last door on the right and stop.
Exit the massage room and turn left. Walk through the curtained doorway and turn right. Enter the marble room and walk to the left. Wait near the left side alcove.
Exit the bedroom and go left to the end of the hallway. Wait at the top of the steps.
Walk towards the altar using the middle hallway until you get to the first row of benches and stop there.
Leave the dining room, and walk forward down the hallway. Take a left at the end of the hall. Stop on the right edge of the rug.
walk away from large black paining on the wall, down a few stairs, turn right before you pass the dining table and walk past the table, stop in the doorway of the sliding glass door straight ahead.
Go through the arch and along the display cases, and wait in front of the stairs.
Go around the table and exit the meeting room. Stand just outside and wait for further instructions.
Walk straight towards the entry way door. Turn left at the stairs and wait on the fourth step.
Walk across kitchen to hallway, turn left and follow the hall until you get to stairs on your right. Stop at stairs.
walk down the steps, turn left, then turn right and stop near the sink.
Turn hard left and walk down the hallway.  Turn left and enter the doorway. Walk down the hallway and enter the room. Wait by the mirror.
Exit the closet, walk through the bedroom and wait outside on the patio.
Go straight to blue line on the floor. Turn right following blue line. At foosball table turn right and walk towards the yellow chairs and tv on the wall. Stop facing the TV in between 4 yellow chairs.
continue into the foyer, turn left at the circle in the tile on the floor and face the front door, walk down the archway to the left of the front door, continue straight past the three black stripes on the floor, stop under the pendant light on the ceiling.
Walk into the living room and to the left of the couch and walk past the couch. Walk into the kitchen and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Turn left at the pictures and stop.
walk away from the bathroom towards the stairs, turn left and walk up the stairs turn right and walk up the next flights of stairs, turn right and walk up the rest of the stairs and stop  in the doorway.
With the kitchen directly ahead of you and the fireplace directly behind you, go forward and to the left of the kitchen entrance. Continue forward and bear left forty-five degrees and start walking to the outside exit. When you reach the stairs near the outside door, turn hard left and climb four steps up the stairs.
Walk down the hall and turn right. Stop just outside the living room.
Go up the first flight of stairs, and then forward to the center picture.
Come out of the bedroom and follow the hallway around to the right and wait in the guest bedroom.
Walk past the columns and turn right. Enter the dinning room and walk past the table . Turn left and enter the hallway.
Walk through the lawn passed along the pool. Continue around the pool towards the gate with glass panels.
Walk past the stairs going up and stop in the doorway of the green double doors.
Walk counter clockwise around the pool and step through the fence on the other side onto the wood of the deck.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs leading up to a table and chairs.  Don't go up the stairs, just stop at the bottom.
Leave laundry room to living room. walk into bedroom on left. Stop inside closet.
Move forward past the white coach and then turn right, stopping in front of the door.
Walk straight down hall and stop next to blue planter with tall plant.
Leave the bathroom and go straight in the hallway. Take the Second right and enter another bathroom. Stop in the bathroom doorway.
Walk past bottom of stairs. Walk past fireplace. Walk past dining room. Walk past bathroom. Wait at kitchen desk.
Turn right and go down the hallway. Go straight until you get to the last room on the right. Wait near the entrance.
Exit the room through the door at the foot of the two massage tables and then turn right. Continue past the doors to your left and right that lead outside. Pass the narrow wall mounted table on your right. Then stop when a corridor opens up to your right.
Walk down hall turning left into living room. Continue to dining room and stop at table with white vase.
Turn around and go into the kitchen, at the black and red painting, descend the stairs.
Exit the room by passing the chairs. Go through the doorway and follow the staircase. Descend the stairs and stop on the third step down.
Turn around and walk down the hallway into the foyer.  Keep moving into the foyer and walk between the two pillars.  Choose the doorway to your right, after the pillars, and walk into the room and stop at the entry of the room.
Walk across the room and exit to the left of the room. Once out turn left and then walk forward and then turn right. Walk towards the mirror and then turn left again. Walk forward and then stop once you enter the room with all the wood.
Go to the top of the stairs and turn right.  Walk past the window seat and turn into the bedroom on the right.  Walk past the foot of the bed into the room with two beige chairs.  Stop in front of the round glass table in between these two chairs.
Walk past the foot of the bed towards the mirrors.  Turn right and walk out of the room.  Stop after leaving the room.
Walk straight ahead, past the shower, then turn right. Make another right turn into the sitting room. Turn right and exit the sitting room. Walk toward the staircase on your immediate left. Wait on the third step.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Go straight until you get to a room on the right that has a strange fountain then stop.
walk away from metal door through doorway and turn left, continue straight through the doorway to a bedroom, turn right walk past the bed and exit the glass door and stop.
Walk down hall into white room. Continue forward  through arch way to room with 3 faucets. Stop at faucets.
Walk down the hallway into the lobby. Turn to the right and wait in the living room through the door on the right.
Go out the door on the right side of the bed and walk through the door directly ahead of it in the hallway.  Keep going straight until you enter a room with two beds.  Stop just after entering this last bedroom.
Walk through the bedroom past the bed and out into the hallway. Walk down the hall to the open door at the end. Walk into the large bedroom that has a vanity mirror and desk near the entrance.
Facing the Jack-O-Lantern, turn right and walk till your right side faces the table top soccer game. Take an immediate left and walk towards the conference room full of chairs, a rectangular table and a flat screen tv. Once you reach the entrance you arrived at your destination.
Exit closest. Turn left to bedroom exit. Exit bedroom. Turn right. Enter living room stopping just before the chair.
Go down the hall past the staircase and the two chairs with the table in between them. Enter the first bedroom on the left and stand by the intercom.
Go straight down the hallway and then stop when you get to the air conditioning vent.
Walk past the fridge on the right. Walk past the dining table on the left. Wait at the pierced white vase near the thermostat on the wall.
Exit the bedroom, take a left and go halfway up the stairs, then stop.
Turn left and exit the bedroom. Turn left and walk through the doorway. Turn right and wait by the doorway on the right.
walk up the stairs, turn right, walk up the stairs, turn right, walk to the top of the stairs, walk to the left of the table and stop at the corner of the counter on your left.
Go straight then turn right. Go straight until you get to steps. Wait there.
Travel past the microwave and fireplace. Turn right and go through the door. Turn right and go into the bathroom.
Walk forward on the patio with the pool on your left. Take a right and stop before entering the house at the door before the winding staircase.
Walk straight through living room through large doors outside. At patio table turn right and stand on other side of white chair.
Walk straight and pass the chairs. Turn right and exit the room. Turn right and wait near the stairs going up.
Go past the dinning table and head through the large archway slightly to the right.  Continue toward the sitting room with the large white chair and stop next to it.
Exit bathroom into sitting room, turn right into kitchen.
Walk straight past the think pods on your right.Stop next to the first teal chair in the seating area.
face away from blue wall, walk straight through archway and around marble square through doorway straight ahead, turn left and walk through first doorway, stop in doorway  on the right.
Move forward up the stairs, turn right and enter the bedroom. Wait just inside the room in front of the doorway.
Go across the room and up the stairs on the right. Wait on the second landing.
Walk towards the pictures of a person with a face mask on along the banister railing. Continue along the banister down the small set of steps. Stop behind the couch walking towards the glass wall ahead.
Walk around bed to chair at desk.
Go down the stairs and turn left at the bottom.  Take a few steps and stop in front of two closed white doors.
Go straight and exit the room. Go straight into the other room. Turn right and go into the closet on the right. Wait there.
Just walk straight ahead and to the far side of the altar.
Go to the desk. Go through the doorway beside the desk. Go to the red chair. Go into the dining room and stand.
walk up the stairs, turn right, walk up the rest of the stairs, turn left thorough doorway, stop in doorway on your right in bathroom.
Head into the room in front of you. Continue walking straight and then go into the hallway on your right. Head to the bathroom and wait inside the door frame.
Turn left. Exit the hallway via the rightmost door. Walk along the hallway past the living room area. Wait past the first doorway.
Take a left out of the bathroom. Take your second left and enter another bathroom. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom.
From closet walk through dining room to hallway, turn right into bedroom. Wait at the bed.
Exit the room,  walk on right branch, pass the stairs, ,turn right at the paintings and wait at the wall lamp before the arch.
Go down the stairs and continue in a straight line to the next set of stairs going down. Take three steps down those stairs and stop.
Keep walking forward all the way passing the stairs on your right. Stop outside the door of the last room that is in front of you.
Walk through the doorway and turn hard left. Walk through the leftmost doorway. Wait by the thermostat on the wall.
Exit the room with the toilet. Travel to the sink ahead. Turn right and go through the doorway. Find the painting above the vase and go East of that and through the door. Go to the painting on the nearest wall.
Walk straight out of the spa and leave through the narrow hallway. In the hallway take a left into the first room bathroom. Then take a right into the room with the lounge chairs. Stop past the door.
Walk around the counter and then by the stove and fireplace. Take a right after the fireplace and wait next to the couch.
walk away from the bedroom and through the doorway straight ahead into another bedroom with a floral comforter. Continue walking around the bed, pass the sitting chair on your left, pass the bathroom and stop in front of the small green chair in the small nook.
Enter house off porch, turn slight right to avoid chair, turn left and walk up stairs, stop at counter.
Walk straight, and down the three steps, and turn left at the first visible corner. Walk a bit, and turn right to enter a kitchen, and stop there.
Walk along the carpeted walkway past the small set of stairs and turn the corner into the hallway near the mirror and built in desk area. Walk down the hall past the large abstract black and white painting. Walk through the open double doors that lead to a hall with a stairwell leading upstairs.
Go up the stairs and enter the room. Go stand next to the long table with black chairs. Stand next to the chair nearest to you.
Exit the kitchen into the dining room and then go out the dining room using the door on the left. Turn left and go down the stairs and stop.
U Turn left and go into the hallway. Continue slightly left and go straight until you get to a bedroom. Wait near the bed.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk into the living room area and turn left.  Stop at the door of the bathroom.
Go through the hallway with the brown floor and keep going straight until you go through a doorway then make a left and wait near the phone.
Go down the stairs, and turn right, go towards the dining room table and stop near the table.
Turn left and enter next room. Then turn right and walk past the column and enter the next room. Stand near the statue.
Walk through the kitchen and stand next to the four barstools.
Turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk towards the exit doors. Turn right and walk acrss the doorway. Wait by the counter.
Go straight. Turn right. Turn right again. Wait near the grey lounge chairs.
Turn around, and go through the door on your right and down the hallway. Stop where the right wall ends.
Go through the glass door and all the way down the hallway. Stop once you enter the door on the end of the hallway.
Walk slightly right and step over the rope. Walk up the stairs and continue forward. Angle slightly left and continue forward. Wait near the three wooden chairs.
walk away from bathtub through small doorway to exit bathroom, walk past doorway on left turn right at giant black and white painting, turn right at abstract painting, turn left and stop at top of carpet stairs.
Walk into the bathroom and walk past the sink. Walk through the open door and continue through the room on the other side. Walk past the cabinet and mirror wall art. Turn the corner past the wall mirror art and walk into the bedroom with a small bed and black drapes on the windows.
Walk past dart board. Walk past tv room. Walk up stairs. Make left at top of stair landing. Make right through open pocket door. Wait at washing machine.
Walk left of the ceiling fan and all the way down to the ceiling fan on the other end of the walkway in front of the pool.  Walk inside and stop in front of the chest at the foot of the bed.
Walk through doorway passed the two white chairs, turn left and walk down hallway, stop at doorway that leads into the bathroom.
Exit bathroom to living room. Stop at the edge of the rug the first couch is on.
Walk clockwise around the table until you reach the open doorway.
Walk down the hallway and all the way to the end. Walk into the bathroom and stop.
Leave the dining room, make a slight right, walk through the living room, through the entryway, make a slight left, walk past the bar, and wait in the living room.
Exit the room and turn left. Then go passed the bed and the chair and stop next to the lamp.
Turn left and go straight into the room. Wait near the glass door going outside.
Go up the first set of stairs, and walk left of the second staircase until you reach the doorway.
Leave the living room and enter the kitchen. Leave the kitchen through the door near the stove. Go down the stairs, and take a left. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn around and walk down the hallway all the way to the end. Stop right before you get to the wood door at the end.
Head outdoors through the sliding glass doors just past the table. Turn right and wait near the round table.
Exit the conference room and turn left. Make a right and go between the shelving units cubicles. Stop in the kitchen in front of the dishwasher and wait there.
Turn left  and walk by the stairs. Wait on the other side of the second set of stairs on the left.
Go down the stairs, and enter the bedroom on the right of the stairs. Stop once you enter the room.
Go right through the room to the hallway.  When you get to the stairs on the right go up the stairs, turn right at the landing and go up the stairs again. At the next landing stop.  Do not go up the next set of stairs.
Go downstairs and turn right and walk toward the living area with the fireplace. Stop between the living area and the dining table.
Walk past desk. Wait at elephant.
Start outside turn right and look for the door on the left of the open glass doors, Start here. Walk forward towards the white table you see, walk on the right side of the table and enter the doorway you see in front of you, stop in between the first two doors.
Pop over and check on the double doorway that is located through the kitchen area.
Go directly through the kitchen area until you reach the kitchen table located on your right. Make a left towards the front door of the house and wait there.
Walk forward, make a right then a left, and walk toward the entrance of the bathroom, and wait.
Walk past the refrigerator and turn left. Walk past the stairs and stop in front of the chairs.
Walk past the stove further into the kitchen. Turn left and go through the door down the hallway. Go past the bathroom and stop by the white closet door.
Go down the hall until you see an entrance to a very large room.  Walk to the very opposite corner of the room and stand in front of the dining table.
Take a right. Take a left after the white couch. Walk straight and wait in the entryway of the dining room.
Walk down the hallway to the left of the lipstick painting and go up the stairs in front of the front door.  On the landing of the stairs, go up three stairs and then stop.
Stand in the nearest doorway to exit the room, next to the sign on the wall that says "BURBANK".
Walk around work table and stop at exit door.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the living room, turn left and enter the hallway near the bathroom.
Walk straight ahead and wait just past the Thinkpods and shelving unit.
Walk through the door on the right side of the bed and stop after stepping into the large bathroom area.
Exit bedroom turn right and stop in living room on rug.
Go down the stairs and go forward . Go under the lamp and turn left.  Enter the room.
Walk in front the dining room table and turn right. Walk through the hallway and toward the front door. Turn left and walk past the stairs. Walk through the doorway on the right and stop.
Turn around and exit the bedroom and enter the dining room. Exit the dining room and turn left to enter another bedroom. Wait at the foot of the bed.
Make a right at the top of the stairs and another right to walk past the table. Follow the banister and walk down to the end of the hall. Wait in the doorway of the living room.
Go into the clothes closet. Exit the clothes closet through the other door and stop just outside of it, next to the mirror on the wall.
Step forward and turn left. Walk through the door ahead and wait near the marble table.
Move down the steps into the hallway and head to the left. Go through the door, continue forward and wait near the artwork on the wall.
Go up the stairs and into the dining room at the stairs. At the top of the stairs top in the doorway.
Walk out of the living room heading in the direction of the dining room. Go up the stairs. Stop outside the door to the laundry room.
Exit the bedroom.Wait at the door to the bathroom.
Walk parallel to the staircase and past the white marble statues.  Walk to the front door and stop in front of the mirror to the right of this front door.
Turn around and walk down the hall past the stairs. Wait near the daybed in the girls bedroom.
Walk through the doorway with glass doors. Walk across the room past and enter the hallway that has a painting to the left and right. Wait in middle of the hallway.
Go up one flight of stairs and arrive at the top of the stairs.
Go down the hallway until you reach the glass doors leading outside on your left.
Walk towards the trashcan behind the door to the blue mosaic. Enter the archway on the right of the trashcan. Walk past the counter. Stop in the archway next to the window.
Continue straight along dark grey walkway.  Walk down two steps.  Wait by doorway.
Walk down the mosaic tiled walkway. Turn the corner and continue down the walkway past the roped barricade. walk across the room towards the small set of marble stairs ahead.
Go up the stairs, and walk forward. Stop on the first stair.
Exit the bedroom through the exterior door on the right of the TV. Wait in the grass next to the pool.
walk down the stairs and through doorway on the left, continue straight through doorway with pink door straight ahead and slightly left, turn left and stop in front of the bike.
Turn around and walk past the brown chair and enter the hallway with art on its walls.  Then turn left and stand on the stairs near the hand rail.
Walk around the foot of the bed to exit the room. When you leave the room, turn right and walk into the living room to wait.
Walk out of the room and up the stairs. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Go down the stairs and take a right. Go forward and enter the room. Stop in the doorway to the office.
Turn around and enter the building through the sliding glass door. Make a slight right, crossing the room, and enter the bathroom. Stand by the divider wall between the sinks and the bathtub and wait.
Head out the door to the room with white tile. Go straight until you reach a dark room and go to the edge of the desk.
Go past the circle table. Head past the island. Stop in front of the oven and the door.
Exit laundry room, turn right into bedroom. Stop next to bed.
Pass the table and chairs and then head straight toward the stair and wait at the top of the stairs.
Go up the stairs walk across dining room to entry way, stop at black entry way door.
Go down the hallway past 2 doorways and stop.
Walk into the dining room and right past the end table. Turn left and walk down the stairs. Stop in the doorway on the left at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn to the left and go through the doorway.  Walk past the steps and straight ahead.  You'll be in a kitchen.  Wait by the refrigerator, just in front of the microwave.
Leave the room and enter the hallway, then turn right.  Walk straight and go to the staircase on the left.  Stop on the landing after going up two steps.
Continue up the stairs and turn right at the top. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and turn left. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk towards the wall with the red and grey rectangles.  Take a left and go down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk down the hallway, going across another hallway that leads to the laundry room. Enter the kitchen area.
Walk up the stairs and go left. Walk up the steps and walk into the hallway to the left of the glass case and stop.
Turn around and walk up the stairs then turn left entering the living room.  Walk past the dining room table and walk up the stairs on the left. Wait near the bench.
Walk down the hallway with the banister. Turn around the banister and walk down the stairs. Walk into the room with the washing machine near the front entry door of the home.
Take the left hallway and take a right at the flower vase.  Wait inside the bedroom with two beds.
Go out the doorway across from the sinks. Turn right and stop in front of the closet and table with lamps.
Walk past chair to exit living room, walk past room divider and turn right, walk to the end and turn right, walk in bedroom and wait at picture on the wall.
Go stand next to the the black guardrail at the top of the stairs, next to the wall art that says Love.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and go past the chair on the left. go up the stairs on the right. Go up two steps then stop.
Turn to the left. Walk down the hallway towards the green exit sign. Stop under the green exit sign at the end of the hall.
Turn right and walk towards the ovens. At the ovens, turn left and then walk through the doorway. Stop when you reach the table.
Exit bath to massage table room. turn left and enter hallway. Turn right and follow hallway straight until you reach hallway to the right. Stop. at hallway to the right.
Walk down hallway until you can turn left, walk forward slightly then turn left and descend stairs, on ground floor veer left slightly and go through door frame on the left, make an immediate turn right and walk through door. Stop upon entering the room with cupboards.
Walk past the night table. Make right at the end of that wall. Walk through the open door to the left. Walk straight ahead into bedroom. Wait at door knob.
Walk out of the bedroom and make a left into the hallway. Walk straight down the hall and wait in the doorway of the first bedroom on the left.
With the white door on your left go forward down he hallway. Go straight down the hall passing the windows on your left. At the end of the hallway take a left and stop in the hall just past the last window with the window on your right.
Walk toward the green chair sitting area.
Walk through the kitchen past the refrigerator and towards the desk built into the wall. Turn the corner near the desk and walk through the adjacent kitchen area with a sink and washing machine and stop near the open door ahead.
Exit the laundry room and walk down the hall.  Enter the living room and wait near the sofa.
Pass the column then turn right. Go down two steps then stop.
Go towards the bed. Go to the second white chair. Go through the hallway in the same direction. Once through, go to the staircase. Go up two stairs and stop.
Turn right and keep walking. Pass the picture frame that is on the wall on your right. Walk inside the corridor. Turn left and enter a bedroom. Stand next to the bed near the small table and chair.
Turn right and cross the sofa. Enter the doorway and walk to the stairs. Stop on the third stair.
Go down the hallway and go through the arched door. Gp through the next door to the bathroom with blue tile.
Go to the window. Turn right and go to the next window. Go to the dining table. Go to the coffee table.
walk behind couch to window, turn left, walk straight past TV, stop at the end of the wall on your right before you reach the couch.
Walk straight until you pass the thinkpods then turn right and wait there.
Walk passed the counter and into the hallway. Walk passed the painting with written words on it. Walk down the hall and into the room with the table and wire statues. Walk passed the dining table and into the room with a couch and red carpet.
Walk to the front door and walk through the archway on the left.  Walk down the hallway and stop once you are under the chandelier at the end.
Go down hallway to entry way, turn right and continue forward between pillars and turn right. walk into room and stop before the chair and rug.
Head down the long hallway with the wine rack on the right.  Turn right into the entryway and go through the doorway leading to the bar.  Stop in front of the bar.
Turn around to exit the bathroom. Leave through the archway and turn left. Enter the curtains and stop at the right doorway.
Turn right and head up the stairs. Stop just short of the top stair.
Go inside and exit the bathroom using the door on the left. Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Walk straight until you get to a mirror that is between two lamps and wait there.
Walk straight past the dining table and move to the stairs.take a left and pass the stairs and take a right into the laundry room. Stop Inside the laundry room next to the door.
Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk past the yellow leather lounge chairs and wait in the doorway to the patio.
Walk past the table into an area with a fan and table and into the house.  Stop at the doorway to a bathroom.
Walk through the closet past the nearest shoe rack and through the open door. Walk into the bedroom and around the foot of the bed. Continue past the bed and through the open glass double doors that lead to an outdoor patio.
Walk around the white bookshelf to the left. Continue forward past the blue and gray chairs. Turn right and enter the meeting room. Wait near the table.
Walk left past the chairs toward the window. Make a sharp turn left and stop just inside the bathroom door.
Go straight until you see an opening on the right. Turn right and head all the way down that hallway. When get to the front door on your right turn left. Turn right on the first opening and wait near the black chair with the white cushions.
Exit the bedroom and wait at the top of the stairs on the right.
Turn right and walk through the door down the hall. Continue to the door and then cross the floor and enter the door in front of you. Enter the bedroom and stop even with the desk and center yourself between desk and bed.
Exit the bedroom through the door on the right. Enter the bedroom directly ahead. Wait by the bed.
Go all the way up the stairs and stop in front of the closet door across from the top of the stairway.
Stand so the stairs are on your left and walk straight down the hallway.  Turn right just before entering the bedroom and enter the bathroom instead.  Stop in front of the first sink and mirror.
walk down staircase to the right of the fireplace. make a left at the bottom of the staircase. Walk into first room between two large paintings. Stop after you enter doorway.
Walk away from the table, straight down the marble tiled hallway, turn right to walk past the front door and straight through the dark doorway. Stop under the chandelier looking at the bar.
Go past the couches and turn right. Go straight into the hallway. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Walk through the open door. Walk around the table. Walk through the open door.
Go into the doorway to the right of the stairs going down and make a left. Go straight back to the bedroom then go outside on the porch and wait.
Turn around and walk towards the sofa. Walk towards the TV. Wait just right of the TV.
Turn to look down the hallway with a large grey, white, and red painting on the wall.  Walk down that hallway, then turn left.  You will be able to see the washer and dryer from here.  Take a few steps forward until you are in the middle of the hallway directly between the opening to the bathroom on your right, and the laundry room on your right and stop there.
Exit the closet, make a right into the bedroom and then go through the sliding glass doorway leading outside and stop near the white table,.
Walk straight ahead and into the door. Once inside, walk towards the table and then turn right. Walk to the wall with several paintings and then turn left. Enter the hallway and stop in front of the doorway on the left.
exit bedroom to balcony, turn left and walk down balcony. turn slight left and enter house, turn slight right and enter adjacent room. Stop at stairs.
Leave the sitting area and walk down the hall. Stop next to the dresser near the top of the stairs.
walk towards bed, turn right and left again to walk in front of foot of the bed,continue slight right at the lamp to walk between chair and bed, stop in front of small desk to the left of the nightstand.
Go straight then go left turn right in the next entrance and wait by the beds.
Walk out of the bathroom with the slatted wall on your left. Keep walking down the hallway and enter the spa room at the end of the corridor. In the spa room take a left and stop in front of the sink.
Go into the meeting room next to the Thinkpods that has an empty table with 12 chairs and a large whiteboard. Stop just a couple of feet inside the door.
Travel straight across the large room passed the chairs. When you come to the piano turn left. Move towards the large glass double doors with the vases on pedestals on either side of it. Stop and wait in front of the door handles.
Turn around and walk through the room just past the fuse ball table and stand in the kitchen.
Exit bedroom to hall, turn left.Stop before entering bedroom.
Leave the closet and walk out of the bathroom. Leave the bathroom through the door on the right and stop in the doorway.
Walk to the right around table and enter house through sliding door. turn slight left and walk across living room to dining room. Turn right and walk up two steps, stop at top of steps.
With the silver refrigerator on your right, walk straight until you get to the stairs.  Go up the stairs and stop once you reach the very top.
Turn to face the inside of the room. Walk towards the round table with four chairs. Stop at the first door on the right. Turn and walk into the doorway. Stop  opposite the china cabinet.
Exit left. Pass the pool and wait inside the bedroom on the left.
Walk out the door and go to your right. Down the hallway passed the door on your left and right in front of the kitchen table.
Go up the stairs and go down the hallway in the middle. Go down the hall and take a right at the first door. Enter the bedroom and stop next tot he round chairs.
Go up the three steps then turn right and then right again and go into the house using the front door on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Exit the room, and wait in the bedroom across the hall.
Turn slightly right and continue straight. When you get to a table and chairs on the left, turn right. Wait near the soccer table.
Go straight down the hallway until you get to the Christmas tree then stop.
Continue forward and turn left. Go through the door on the left. Then turn right and stop near the bed.
Follow the narrow hallway straight, until you reach the staircase.  Wait here.
Head out of the kitchen, and walk down the hall.Enter the dining room through the door to the right of the green couch. Stop on the edge of the rug.
Walk up all the stairs. Make a left and stand in front of the open doorway.
Walk through the entryway towards the dining table in the next room. Walk towards the cabinet next to the table and towards the stairwell against the wall on the other side.Tun and walk down the stairwell to the open door at the bottom with hats on the adjacent wall.
Go straight until you get to a round table and chairs. Turn right and go into the house. Wait there.
Walk from dining room to living room. Turn left and go up 6 steps and stop.
Turn left and go through the doorway right in front of you.  Proceed straight down the hall and stop just inside the doorway at the end, facing a shelf with a vase full of flowers on top.
Go toward the staircase and up the stairs. The stairs will go to the left a bit. Stand at the top of the stairs.
Leave the room and take a right and go straight. Stop on the red carpet next to the first Christmas tree.
Walk through the kitchen and stand near the dinning room table. Wait next to the chair.
go away from the wash room towards the living room, go past the kitchen into the lviing room.
Exit the bedroom into the hall. Turn right into the open living area. Go stand between the single beige sofa and the two white sofas.
Exit the door and turn left. Walk down the stairs and then head up the other stairs and stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn around and walk through the living room and into the kitchen. Then walk through the kitchen and enter the dining room area. Stand by the table.
Walk towards the patio and go down the steps on the left side of the patio. Stop at the bottom of the 2 steps.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. In the hall go forward and turn left into the living room. Go straight  and turn right into the kitchen. Stop in the kitchen in front of the vacuum cleaner.
Leave the bathroom and turn left in the hallway.  Keep walking until you get to the bed.  Stand next to the left corner of the foot of the bed.
Walk past the bed and through the doorway, straight through the double wood doors towards the staircase. Turn left and stop in the doorway.
Turn slightly to the right and walk past the mirror and head out of the door to the left  Continue through the second entryway that is just after the first door. Walk towards the small wooden table with the lamps on it. Turn around to the left and just before you reach the plug-in on the wall stop.
Go forward on the blue path between two glass barriers until area expands out into a conversational area.
Exit the bedroom. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn to the right and go down the hallway, veering to the left.  Continue on down a hallway.  You will see a room with a sliding door and a bed.  Stop when you first get into this room and wait.
Go past the chairs and exit the living room. Stop near the counter.
Go straight down the driveway and to the right. Go to the right of the garage door and stop on the porch.
Go past the chair and table. Head up the stairs and go left. Go right and stop between the two doors.
Walk forward to the end of the bookcase and turn right towards the Foosball table. Walk to the Foosball table and turn right to face a hallway with a desk to the right that has a plastic pumpkin on it. At the end of that hallway is a seating area with bright green chairs below a wall mounted TV. Walk to the seating area.
Exit the bathroom using the double doors on the left. Walk straight and go out the door on your right into the closet. Stop there.
Walk through the closet and turn into the bathroom on the left.  Stop after passing through the doorway.
Exit the bedroom, walk down the hallway past the stairs, and wait inside the first bedroom on the right.
Walk straight then turn right going around the pool. After you pass the pool go into the farthest left glass sliding door and wait in that bedroom by the bed.
Walk up the stairs and enter the open room on the right of the staircase. Turn left and wait in front of the bathroom.
Exit the room and turn right. Go down the hallway in to the bedroom on the right and wait in front of the bed.
Walk down the stairs and into the open door straight ahead. Walk forward until you are in front of the large photo on the wall.
Walk out of the bathroom into the hallway. Turn the corner to the left and walk through the open doors into the dining and kitchen area. Walk through the kitchen past the counter tops and into the next room with a dining table near the windows.
Go straight and pass the table and chairs. Go through he door. Turn right. Pass the kitchen and stop near the glass table with chairs.
Walk into the kitchen and past the table and chairs. Turn right past the island and stop in front of the door.
Exit the kitchen and go straight toward the mustard couches. Go out the door straight ahead and wait in the patio.
Leave the room with the beds and turn left. Go through the red doorway and turn right.  Stop just after stepping through the doorway into the white marble room.
Go up the stairs. Turn right at the top of the stairs. Walk past the table, standing in the doorway.
Go through the door on left, take a few steps down the hall, then make a left at the drapes, a right at the door, then  walk towards the bed on the left, then stop.
Walk outside along edge of the house until you reach the patio set. Wait there.
Turn right and then turn left into the glass door. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the bed.
Exit the room. Turn right and go past the washer and dryer. Exit the room using the door straight ahead then go past the stairs and turn right and straight. Wait near the black and white polka dotted rug.
Go around the bed, straight through the entryway, and stop at the bottom of the stairs on the left.
Walk past dining table. Make left at piano. Walk through open door. Make left at curio cabinet. Wait at toilet.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk past the bed and stop in the doorway to the outside.
Turn around and walk past the blue and grey chairs. Once you pass the 2 chairs, turn right and enter the conference room. Stop once you reach the table.
Turn around and exit into the large room behind you with the 2 large statues. Walk between the stairs and the statues and enter the room straight head. Stop inside the room facing the TV, bookshelves and the fireplace.
Exit the bathroom. Go to the TV and stop right before you reach it, next to the rock and roll picture on the wall.
Walk past the table to the other side of the room.  Turn left in front of the paintings and keep walking until there is a door on the left.  Stop in the doorway of this bedroom.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk through the door and through the entryway on the other side of the room. Stop inside the far room.
Exit the laundry and turn right.  Walk down the hall, turn right and enter the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
With the closest blue wall behind you, leave the room through the door on the right.  Once in the hallway, go through the red doorway on the left and walk towards the window.  At the window turn right and stop after entering the room with the four beds.
Walk behind the white couch. Wait at the foot of the stairs to your right.
Walk to the left of the mirror and out of the bedroom. Turn left and walk past the stairs. Walk in the doorway of the bedroom on the left and stop.
Walk across kitchen and through dining room into butler's pantry stop at painting and counter top.
Go up the stairs until you get to the middle and then turn left and go up the rest of the stairs. Then go into the second door from the left and wait there.
Go out through the door, and turn right and go into the left bedroom. Go to the closet and stop.
Head down the stairs. At the bottom turn left. Move down the hallway and enter the first room on your right. Wait there.
Walk straight past the table and take the first left into the bedroom sitting room. In the sitting room take a left, and another left into the bathroom. Step on the white rug and stop.
Walk away from the table heading toward the sitting area. Go into the hall, and take the left into the bedroom. Exit the room, and go to the patio. Stop in the doorway to the patio.
exit room through door next to bench, go toward outside doors and stop in doorway to right.
Exit the bedroom and then go straight through the hallway, go through the glass door and stop at the railing.
Go through the glass doorway into the hallway straight ahead, continue down to the end of the hallway until you reach the door frame.
Walk out of the closet and walk left out of the bedroom. Walk down the stairs and stop on the fourth stair from the bottom.
Turn towards the stairs and continue down the hallway. Take a slight left and continue straight past the right of the rock and roll poster. Face the bedroom.
Turn left and go into the hallway straight ahead. Turn right and go straight until you get to a room. Wait near the bed.
Go down the staircase and at the bottom of the stairs, right and go to the couch and stop.
Exit the room and turn right. Go into the room next door on the right. Wait near the table and chairs.
Leave the bathroom and bedroom. In the hall stop halfway between the two bedroom doors.
Walk straight down the hallway ahead. When you pass the 2 white chairs, turn left. Walk straight into the door ahead and stop in the bathroom.
From the front door turn right and then turn left down the hallway. Next take a left and go down the hall to the living area. Stop just inside the room.
Walk towards the mirrors. Turn right and walk out the room and turn left and walk towards the switches on the wall.
Turn right and go pass the bed into the hallway, continue down the hall until you reach a bedroom on your right with a black and white pillow, stop just in the doorway.
With the garage behind you, walk straight until you reach the kitchen in the open area, passing by a long counter with a sink and through a doorway.  Stop when you have reached the dark grey kitchen island on your right and there is a paining on your left.
Go straight past the bed. Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the sink.
go straight to the top of the first set of stairs stairs.  Make a left go thorough the doorway. Make another left and a slight right and stop next to the fireplace in the bedroom.
Turn right and then enter the room through the door to your right. Once in the room go to the right side and then turn right to enter the wooden closet area. Walk into the closet and turn right. Head towards the stairs stopping right before the stairs in front of the wedding photo.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk past the columns and stop on the tile floor next to the statue.
Enter the open common room and turn left. Go through the double doors. Enter the bedroom. Stop between the bed and the olive desk.
Exit crazy alter room to hall and turn left through curtain door stop at doorway on right looking at lounge chairs.
Continue down the hallway and turn right to stop in front of the stairs.
Walk into the middle of the pillars and turn left.
Walk past the bed and through the door on the right. Walk across the hall into the bedroom and stop in front of the bed.
Move forward and wait after just entering the next room.
Go inside then pass the bed and go out the door on the left then turn left and then turn right and then turn left to go into the walk in closet.
Walk straight toward the fireplace. Turn left when you get to the fireplace then turn right into the hallway and wait there.
Walk forward past the refrigerator into the hallway. In the hallway take the second right into the foyer. Go up the first three stairs and stop.
Walk into the bedroom straight ahead. Walk past the bed and onto the patio. Stop in the doorway to the patio.
Walk past the table towards the bench with the white cushions. Go through the doorway, turn right and head inside. Walk up to the dresser on the left side of the bed.
Walk through the kitchen past the old-fashion stove. Stop by the entrance to the bedroom.
Follow the hallway and turn right to enter the doorway. Then turn right again to enter the hall.
Turn right and go toward the table and chairs. Keeping right of the table, go forward toward the glass sliding door. Stop at the exit to the tiled area outside.
Exit the bathroom, walk past the stairs and wait in the bedroom on the right.
Exit the meeting room. Go stand next to the doorway between the green and blue lines on the floor.
Walk forward past the white phone and make a right. Walk forward and go past 2 red chairs on the left and stop. Turn right and enter the room with the painting on the ceiling and wait here.
Go past the shelves and the sink in the hallway, and turn into the room with the claw foot bathtub.  Wait in the doorway.
Walk past the beds and out the door.  In the hallway turn right and walk straight down the hallway.  Stop just before reaching a wooden bench with a blue and white pottery urn on the right end.
After you leave the bathroom make a left and go into the room. When you are in the room make a right and wait in front of the area between the first and second lounge chairs.
Exit the room and walk toward the table and chairs. Pass the table and chairs and go out to the patio using the large glass doors. Wait near the table and chairs outside.
Walk straight until you are outside, passing by the dining table and couch. Once outside, stop behind the chair on the left that faces the pool.
Exit room with a bicycle and go through the door to the left. Go through the double doors.  Turn right and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the room. Go right and into the room located to the right of the one you were just in. Stop before you reach the table.
Leave the sitting room and walk down the hall with the painting on your right. Take the first left, and enter the laundry room on your right. Stop next to the sink.
Turn left, and walk across the staircase and pass it. Enter the room that is straight in front of you, and stop there.
Walk down the hall toward the Christmas tree. Stop in front of the first Christmas tree.
Head towards the sliding glass doors leading outside and turn ninety degrees left just prior to reaching them. Continue forward until the sliding glass doors are all behind you, then stop.
Walk through the kitchen. After you pass the ovens turn right. Wait near the couches and the round table.
Walk to the end of the hallway.  Walk through the hallway door, take a step to the right and stand next to the railing.
Walk across bath tub. Turn left at sinks and enter bedroom. Walk through double doors on the the left  Once outside turn right and stop next to table with towels.
Go up the stairs and head in the bedroom by the bed.  Go into the closet to right of the bed and stop.
Walk forward and take the first right to leave the room. In the hall stay left and go down the first two stairs. Stop on the second from the top stair.
Turn right and go down the stairs to the left. Stop at the bottom of the steps.
Leave the bedroom and turn right. Step next to the grey counter with the large king and queen chess pieces.
Exit current room, make a right and walk toward bedroom and wait at bedroom entrance.
Exit past the black curtains, walk through the foyer, into the room with the desk and chairs.
Walk into the bedroom.  Walk down the hallway to the left of the vanity.  Take the first left.  Stop in front of the chair.
Go around brown table to the left of it and inside the house, go through the archway and take a step in, then stop.
Exit the room with the beds and turn left.  Go through the red doorway and turn right in the hallway.  Walk into the room at the end of the hall with the white marble.  Walk around the table in the middle of the room and stop on the opposite side.
Walk all the way up the staircase and walk towards the bathroom which is right in front, and stop there.
Walk down the concrete path with the pool on your left side.  Follow the path as it veers to the left and keep working down it with the pool on your left.  Walk to the end of the path, by the black hot tub.  Turn left and walk to the far end of the black hot tub and stop by the corner.
Walk past bananas. Walk past wine bottle opener. Walk past bottom of carpeted stairs. Walk down concrete stairs. Wait at animal print rug.
Walk into the bedroom, turn left after the bed. Enter the bathroom and turn right. Wait in the doorway to the exterior shower.
Walk toward your left down the hall. Passing the woman's bathroom on your right hand side. Wait at the end of the wall near the double doors with the "Functional Training Zone" sign on it, to the right of the birdcage.
Walk toward siting area.
leave the room exit the door turn left then enter the second door on your front stop at the bathroom.
Walk onto the patio, and take a left. Walk straight. Enter the house on the left. Walk in the forward and enter the bathroom. Stop before you reach the glass partition to the shower.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk past the stairs and chair and stop at the second step from the top.
Go towards the black and white abstract painting directly ahead of you.Make an immediate right at the lime green colored doors. Go down the hallway until you see another abstract painting on your left and then wait at the top of the stairs.
walk away from four lounge chairs to the red doorway on the left, turn right and walk through doorway,turn left at giant marble square, walk through the arch on the left and stop.
Turn right and enter through the first doorway on your left.  Walk through the room past the tables and enter the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Take another right and wait at the top of the stairs.
Leave bedroom to hall, turn right and enter first door. Wait next to brown chair.
Go up the stairs and then turn right and wait near the glass door.
Turn to face door to bedroom. Walk out of bedroom. Turn to face table. Walk around table. Enter the foyer.  Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of toilet.
Walk up on the stairs and stop once you reach the top.
Exit the bathroom and wait in the bedroom by the counter.
Go into the dining room and turn left. Go towards the vase with the plant. Go into the bedroom and go to the foot of the bed.
Walk through the living room and wait inside the front door.
Turn left and go thorough the doorway and then turn right. Go down the stairs and stop at the bottom.
Exit closet, turn right, and walk outside to the balcony.  Stop outside the door.
Go into the room and when you see the table turn right. Exit the room and turn left. Wait by the plant on the left.
Exit the room, turn right into the dining room and turn right again and go straight into the doorway of the bedroom and stop.
Walk through the room with green and blue chairs. Walk passed the bookshelf and turn the corner to the left. Walk down the hall and turn into the first open doors to the right into the room with a conference table.
Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway and make a left.  Go through the first open doorway on your right.  Then, from that hallway, go again through your first open doorway on the right.  That will take you to a kitchen area.  Stop in front of the refrigerator.
Exit the room.Go straight past the think pods. When you get to the table on the right continue straight and stop near the dishwasher.
Exit the bathroom to your left. Turn left and enter the foyer of the house.  There will be  stairway to the left, you'll walk past that stairway and into the guest bedroom with the white swirl bedspread.
Go between the brown chair and the white couch, go near the dining room table and stop.
Exit the bathroom.  Turn left and go down the hallway.  Wait by the christmas tree.
Go straight and pass the stairs on the right. U turn right and go up the stairs. Wait in the middle.
Walk toward the dining room and tun right. Walk pass the stairs into the hallway. Turn right into the bathroom and wait by the counter.
Walk around the bed. Stand next to the green chair and stop.
walk down hall, turn slight right and enter bed room, turn hard right and walk toward bathroom and stop.
Outside the bedroom, turn hard left and go through the door. Continue into the room bearing right of the fireplace go into the narrow hallway to the right of the doors.Continue down the narrow hallway until you reach the base of the stairs leading upwards.
From kitchen walk to dining room, turn right and stop behind the middle chair.
Turn around and take a few steps to the bar.  Turn right and go towards the two chairs, turn left by the table and chairs  Go past the.
Walk straight ahead past the think pods and turn left. Walk forward and turn into the last meeting room on your right before entering the hallway. Stop inside the meeting room doors.
Walk towards the crucifix and make a right turn. Walk till you reach the column on your right and stop as soon as you pass it.
From balcony walk through bedroom into hall, down hall into bedroom. Wait at bed.
Walk out the door ahead to the left of the phone. Once out, turn right and then enter the first door on the right and stop.
Turn and head down the hallway with the large piece of artwork on the right wall. Turn to your left and enter into the laundry room.
Exit bedroom, walk to the staircase, go up the stairs, and stop 5 steps from the top.
Walk carefully around the glass table into the main kitchen area. Exit out of the house using the sliding glass doors to the left and wait outside near the swimming pool gate. You may need to unlock the sliding glass door to exit the room.
Starting with the stairs on your left, walk down the hallway and straight through the big open room with the table in it.  Keep going straight until you are in the doorway of the bathroom.
Turn around and walk past the counters.  Turn right at the refrigerator and continue on straight through the kitchen, past the dishwasher.  In the hall, turn to the left and go into the dining room.  Wait there at the entrance of this room.
Turn right and walk past the patio.  Then walk past the dining table and enter the next outdoor area. Stop near the chair.
Exit the bathroom, turn right and go through the living area, at the lamp make a right and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go passed the bed and into the hallway, go the right and stop right before the bed.
Go around the bed. Exit the bedroom. Go down the hall. Ascend two stairs and wait.
Go up the stairs and turn right at the bathroom with the mauve door. Turn left at the stone table. Stop right at the open archway.
Exit the room a walk upstairs to the left. Wait in the bedroom across the hall from the stairs.
Finish walking up the stairs. Turn left and walk towards the northernmost and leftest room. Wait by the entrance of the bedroom.
Go down the steps, turn left, then right, walking towards the kitchen. Stop in front of the refrigerator.
Leave the bathroom, and take a right. Go straight down the hall passing the living room. Enter the foyer through the doorway at the end of the hall. Stop once you are through the door.
Walk through the door on the left of the stairs. Stop in the bedroom once you enter the room.
Walk down stairs. Wait at the end table next to the sofa.
Walk passed the staircase and into the hallway on the other side. Walk down the hall passed the door with the placard of a person. Walk to the end of the hall and into the room with the blue tiled wall.
Go straight and turn right into the red curtain. Turn right and wait at the entrance.
Go out the hallway and past the large portrait of the regal looking woman and down the hallway on the right you will find a bathroom with a gilted mirror.
Go straight through the door, and turn right to go through the other door. Walk to the right of the circle table, and go through the left door by the clock. Stop in the room on the circle carpet.
Turn to your right and enter the house. Walk to the right side of the room and exit the door on the other side. Stop once you exit and are surrounded by doors.
Walk towards the living room and go into the entrance behind the couch. At the entrance turn left. Enter the bedroom and wait in front of the bed.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and go into the room next door on the right. Wait near the fridge.
Turn left, then exit the bedroom. Turn right and walk down the hall. Enter the bathroom and wait in front of the vanity.
Exit the bedroom through the door and leave the hallway with a slight left angle. Move towards the bathroom, go through the doorway and wait near the sink.
Leave the pool area and go inside the main door to the living room. Walk between the two tables straight to the doorway across the room. Wait inside the doorway.
Walk toward the stairs then turn right at the first doorway on your right. Turn into the first room on the left. Walk to the right side of the room and wait by the painting.
Walk past the receptionist's desk, wait at the doorway.
Exit the theater room and walk into the closet. Walk through the closet, past the drum and stand next to the mirror.
Walk up stairs to landing, turn left and go up stairs. Enter bedroom. stop at shelf with figurines.
Make a left turn then a hard left, walk straight before taking a sharp right and stop at your destination.
Go from closet to bedroom through hall. Cross bedroom and walk out slider onto balcony. Stop on balcony.
Walk counter clockwise around the bed and up the stairs.  Stop in front of the mirror to the right of the big grey column.
Walk across the very large room towards A rounded structure of stone with a cone-shaped roof, and wait there.
Leave the bedroom, walking past the mirror and going straight down the hallway until you pass the glass doorway.  Stop in front of the iron railing on the other side of the glass doorway.
Walk down the hallway with the painting on your right. Go into the room straight ahead and take a right. Stop next to the dining chair.
Go to the dresser Go to the door Go to the hall Go to the divan Go to the railing Go down one step.
Go down the stairs, then turn right at the bottom and enter the room to the right.
Walk through the room and into the hallway. Wait inside the nearest bedroom.
While facing the table, turn left and go outside onto the wooden deck.  Walk down the deck keeping the building to your right and walk back inside when you get to the room with the bed.  Stop in the doorway between the bedroom and the deck.
Turn around, and go through the closet on the right. Go into the doorway on the right and stop.
Exit the room and enter the bathroom through the first door on the left. Wait near the sink.
Go right of the entertainment room and wait by the couches with the fireplace.
Exit the closet and walk forward. Turn right towards the bed, and keep walking all the way outside the door. Stop at the balcony.
Take a left to walk down the stairs, then stop and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go straight into the room. Wait near the bed.
Go down the stairs and pass through the open door. Go down the hall and pass through the open red door. Stop and wait next to the first bicycle you see.
Walk to top of staircase.  Turn right and walk along the railing.  Enter the first door on the left.  Walk down the hardwood corridor.  Make the first right to enter the bedroom.  Wait by cushion chair.
Enter living room,  walk past couches toward the kitchen, make a left, then make a right, head down the hallway, make a sharp left and wait by first light.
Go toward the sink, and turn left out of the bathroom.
Walk towards the left side of the bed. Turn left and walk through the double doors. Turn left and walk down the stairs. When you finish walking down the stairs stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk inside and walk through the door on the right side of the bed. Wait in the hall outside the door.
Walk down the balcony towards the table. Enter the house through the last door on the right. Stop in the doorway to the office.
Walk upstairs and wait at the top.
Walk out of the bedroom and left past the stairs. Stop in the hallway between the bedroom.
Head past the bench toward the stairs.  Go up the stairs turning left.  Stop in front of the roped off area.
Exit the closet, then bedroom and enter the hall. Go down the stairs and wait near the bottom.
Enter the bedroom, and walk passing the bed. Turn left at the corridor, and walk straight until you arrive the bathroom entrance, and stop there.
Go up the stairs. Turn left. Turn left and wait near the couches.
Exit the room then turn left and then turn right and then go into the room on the left and wait by the fluffy rug.
Turn right and walk down the hallway along side the windows. Stop halfway down between the fireplace and the windows.
go out of the bathroom, through the hallway, turn right and then immediately left towards the big window and wait in the middle area.
Exit the room through the red door to your left. Continue through the white doors to your right.  Turn right as you exit through the white doors and climb up two stairs. Wait there for further instructions.
face away from nightstand and walk straight through doorway, walk straight through next doorway and stop before you reach the bed.
Exit the living room by entering the corridor with pictures on the wall.  Continue straight, and walk into the second door on the left.   Wait by the bedroom door.
Walk straight across the patio towards the round table. Go into the patio door off the bedroom on the right. stop at the foot of the bed.
Walk down the hall past the ceiling sigh with a person that is green. Continue around the corner passing a door with a placard of a person on it. Continue down the hall into the next open area with a blue tiled wall.
Walk across living room and stop next to fireplace.
Go past the marble wall with the fire place, out to the pool and past it, then in the door to the left, face the bed, and wait.
Go up the stairs. Stand in the doorway to go outside, close to the statue of the boy on a skateboard.
Exit the game room and walk straight across into the dining room. Stop right before you reach the table and wait.
Walk past sofa, piano, continue straight past the table, stop in the door way to the bedroom.
Go straight, pass the arch, right before passing the glass table and chairs turn left. Go straight and pass another table and chairs. Go slightly right and wait by the white chair that is nearest to the table and chairs.
Walk down the hall and turn left into the dining area. Stop next to the brown, black, and white painting on the wall, near the glass dining table.
Go inside. Go straight past the couches. When you get close to the fridge turn left and walk into the hallway. Turn right and go straight until you get to three paintings on the right wall. Turn left and wait there.
Go to the left of the office table, then go along the office table and then out of the big garage door, go straight into the blue lines on the floor and stop before you passed the yellow lines.
Walk passed the table soccer game and into the open room. Walk passed the couch area in the middle of the room and the floor rug. Walk towards the open room ahead past the cubicles that has a conference desk surrounded with computer chairs.
Walk into the large church congregation room. Walk along the steps that lead to the front of the church. Walk up the step past the alter at the front. Walk towards the podium that is made of wood with a silver metal base.
Head indoors, walk across the room and up the steps. Wait by the bar.
Walk past the four chairs in the back row and then turn left.  Enter the bathroom and then stop in front of the sink.
Walk down the stairs and straight towards the room straight ahead. Wait inside the door of the first room on the right of the hall.
head outside the bedroom, turn left, then stop halfway up the stairs.
Walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hallway and enter the bedroom on the right that is near the stairs. Step on the rug at the foot of the bed and stop.
Walk through the open door.  Walk until the hallway dead ends.  Turn left and walk forward. Wait between the French doors and sitting area.
Walk toward leaving area, turn right and wait by the door on the right.
Enter through the doorway and exit the next room to the hall. Wait in front of the first bedroom on the right.
Walk forward and leave the bathing room. Take the first left and enter the room through the curtain. Enter the room on the right, and stop in the doorway.
Move around the right side of the dining table to exit the room. Turn right at the table. Stop behind the left side of the love seat.
Go to the dining table. Go to the lamp table. Go to the thermostat. Go to the flower vase. Go to the bed.
With the kitchen to your right and the fireplace ahead of you and slightly to the right, move forward and to the left. Now turn further left so the grain of the wooden flooring is perpendicular to your orientation. Then move forward and through the opening ahead of you. Take a dogleg to the right and continue forward. Enter the bedroom on your right and head towards the foot of the bed. Stop when you're even with the foot of the bed.
Walk forward through the door straight ahead.Turn left and walk behind the white sofa. Continue straight until you reach the door in front of you. Then turn left and go through the second entryway on the left.
Pass through the entry way and move forward with the bed on your right. Turn to your left when you reach the doorway near the bed. Pass through the doorway and enter the hallway. Turn right and move down the hallway. Move past the four pictures to your left and stop at the entry to the bathroom.
Walk around the bed, go down the hallway, and turn left into the bathroom.
Go down the hall on the right. Go straight, and enter the bathroom, the last room on the right. Stop in front of the first sink.
walk in front of white chairs, turn left at window and right again, walk out door turn right and stop in front of black chairs.
Walk into bedroom suite. Walk past folding tray table.Walk past bathtub. Walk past Kerig machine. Wait at light switch.
Facing the pool go right along the pool along the walkway, make a right passed the hot tub and at the edge of the hot  tub stop.
Walk through the metal framed doorway that leads you inside. Turn left down the first hallway on your left, turn right at the picture frames, turn left through your first doorway on your left and stop.
Move to the right, walk through the doorway and continue straight past the tree, make a sharp left into the kitchen and stop.
Face the large painting of flowers at the other end of the room. Go straight toward it until you reach the wall. Take a left around the end of the table and exit the room via the door on the right. Go straight until you reach the counter with a tea kettle.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go to the staircase and climb three steps. Wait there.
Walk down the hall, heading away from the staircase and the door for the men's bathroom.  Stop in front of the mirror next to the door for the women's bathroom.
Step through the doorway ahead and turn left slightly. Walk across the room, entering the hallway by the mirror that is hanging on the wall. Go down the hallway entering the first bedroom on your right. Wait in the doorway.
Exit the bathroom toward the room then exit the room using the door on the right. Turn slightly left and continue straight then turn slightly right into the room and wait by the chair.
From the backdoor walk straight to the sitting area and make a left by the fireplace. Now make a right just past the fireplace and wait in the middle of the hall.
Turn around and take a left to exit the dining room. Turn left into the bathroom and wait next to the toilet.
Walk to the opposite side of bed.  Wait by lamp.
Go forward and enter the bedroom. Walk down the corridor on the left. Go into the bathroom on the far right. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk past stairs. Turn slight left and walk past white couch. Continue to doorway on left wall. Enter room. Stop in front of door marked Private.
Walk past the grey lounges through the doorway and turn left. Stop in the opening of the red curtain.
Exit the office and go down the hall to the right. Turn right and wait in the first bedroom on the left.
Leave balcony to room with big table. Exit through glass door to patio. Continue down patio to sliding door on right, leave bedroom to bathroom and stop  between shower and toilet.
Turn around walk out the door straight ahead. Walk down the hallway and stop when you reach the door at the end of the carpet.
With the couch on your right go forward past the couch and the stairs and go into the hallway that is past the stairs and stop in the hall past the stairs with the black door on your right side.
Exit the dining room. Move straight across the hall onto the black and white floor. Stop outside the doorway on the right to the room with a black and white pattern on the wall.
Exit the bedroom and go to the right to the stairs leading downwards. Climb all the way to the bottom of the stairs.
Walk past the fooseball table, walk past the desks, and wait by the chairs.
Walk past the foosball table on your left side, and then turn to the right.  Walk past the "Thinkpods" on your right and into the conference room directly in front of you.  Stop next to the conference table.
Turn slightly right and walk up the steps. Walk towards the second set of steps and wait by the wooden chairs at the start of the second set of steps.
Face the stairwell. About 60 degrees on your right is a door that is about 20 feet away. Go towards the room and enter it. The destination is just 3 feet directly ahead in the room.
Proceed up the stairway and turn right, then turn right again into the foyer. Walk up to the forth stair and wait by the banister.
Walk down the isle past the wooden benches and the figurines against the wall. Turn at the column between the statues up against the wall and walk through opening between the sets of benches past the cloth covered podium.
Head to the far end of the hallway, walk past the dining table and wait inside the theater room.
Turn around go down the stairs.  When you're down the stairs, turn slightly right and head into the living room.  Stop there and wait.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right. Go past the couches and down the stairs. Go down two steps then stop.
Walk down the hall and take your first right. Then turn left and walk down the hall. Take the first left before the stairs and enter the bedroom. Stop inside the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk towards the bed, then walk between the bed and sofa.  Walk out the double doors, past a wooden piece of furniture.  Walk to the left and enter a doorway.  Stop and wait by the intercom.
Walk down the hall and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk all the way up the stairs, and stop at the top of the stairs.
Exiting the bedroom go straight through the doorway, make a left, make a left and then make a right into the doorway and wait.
Go stand in the laundry room, next to the sink.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk out of the hallway and turn left. Walk through the double doors and stop.
Walk through the kitchen and exit through the door to the left of the range. Wait across the room at the top of the stairs.
Turn around and go past some unique wall hangings.  Veer off to the right and go past the living room area.  Go towards the light blue couch and stand just behind it.  Wait right there.
Turn left and walk up the stairs to the top. Wait near t he books.
Pass the couch with the red cushion on the right and go straight until you get to a door on the right. Go inside and wait there.
Walk past the stairs on your left side, and walk around the large box in the middle until you reach the red carpeted blocked on top of a flooring with brown and gray diamonds. Stop infront of where the flooring meets the whole gray flooring.
Walk towards the chandelier.  Turn right into the door to the left of the mirror.  Walk down the hallway and turn left at the paintings.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk past the red chair and walk outside. Turn left and walk along the balcony. Stop just behind the couch.
Walk along the outside pathway, then turn right to enter the house. Walk straight across the living room towards the black desk. Stop at the right of the round table with the four chairs.
Exit the room and turn right. Gop to the top of the stairs.Go down the stairs and turn right. Continur down the hall turning into the first room on the right and wait by the bed.
Go down the stairs, and to the left. Go down the hall, and enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop before you reach the rug.
exit dining room to sitting room, turn slight right and walk across sitting room  into hallway. turn slight right and follow hallway to the left. stop at large entry on the left next to a book on a table.
Turn and walk down the hall to the marble room. Turn left and stop in front of the mosaic on the wall.
Walk past the couches and dining room table and chairs into the kitchen. Stop next to the oven.
Enter the bedroom, make a hard left, then walk straight down the hallway past a door on your right. Walk into the room at the end of the hall and wait.
Wait next to the white lamp in the living room just ahead.
With the potted tree behind you, walk straight down the hallway until you enter a big circular room with a blue glass sculpture on the ceiling.  Stop a few steps after entering this room. near the small circular tables.
Walk around the balcony, under the overhang.  Stop where the seating areas meets the next portion of the walkway.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and continue going up the stairs. Turn left and go into the room on the right. Wait at the entrance.
Walk through kitchen area past the sink and counter top into the next kitchen area. Turn the corner and walk past the center counter with bar stools. Walk past the water jug and continue past the refrigerator into the next room ahead passing by a desk.
Walk down the stairs, and go left until you reach the kitchen.
Go into the kitchen and stop before you reach the kitchen island.
Walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Follow the hallway to the left and go forward towards the stairs.  Stop in the hallway outside of the doorway while standing next to the thermostat on your left.
Go up the stairs. Go down the hallway, turn left, and enter that sitting room.
Go towards the dinking table then through the kitchen  Pass the kitchen towards the fireplace.  Stop near the back of the couch, and face the fireplace and back door to the right.
Turn around and head down the long hallway behind you. Go all the way down to the last door at the end. Enter the room and then turn left walk forward and stop right before you reach the counter in the center of the kitchen.
Go down the hallway opposite of the room with the blue wall, make a slight left down the hallway and stop in front of the men's room door.
Walk down concrete path to the right of the pool and enter house. Wait between fireplace and couch.
Exit bathroom and turn right.  Exit bedroom. Walk towards the staircase. Walk down for steps and stop on the stairs.
Go all the way down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, turn left. Go past the couch and take another left. Stop there.
turn left, and stop between the two bedrooms.
Walk forward and turn right at the end of the sink faucet. Walk forward, and turn left towards the living room, and stop in front of the black cushioned chair or sofa.
Walk across bedroom to the door next to the bed. Walk straight towards stairs. Turn left at doorway and stop inside doorway.
Turn right and go down the stairs. Stop near the painting on the left.
Turn right and walk toward the soccer table. Pass the soccer table then turn right and wait near the sink.
Walk straight until you get to three steps. Go up the three steps and wait there.
Go down the stairs and take a left. go down the hall and stop next to the light switch on the right next to the patio door.
Go right down the hallway and turn left down the next hallway. Stop once there is a fountain on your left.
Turn around and walk behind the chairs out of the conference room. Take a left and then turn right at the blue and grey chair. Walk past two white cubicles to the foosball table.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk through the bedroom and stop by the table and chairs.
Walk outside and turn left and go into the next bedroom. Then go into the bathroom and stop next to the right sink.
Go into the bedroom with one bed and wait at the bathroom doorway.
Walk upstairs straight into bedroom, wait at bathroom.
walk froward, away from the stairs into the living room. In the living room take a left and walk to the hallway. In the hallway take a right and stop outside the bathroom.
Exit and turn right towards the sliding door. Walk straight outside passing the bed on the left. Turn left, and walk straight, and enter another door. Stop at the doormat that is in front of the black swing.
Turn to your left. You will see a staircase. Go up the stairs 17 steps to the top of the staircase. once there you have reached your location.
Walk past the dining table. Exit the room taking a right. Go to the stairs and go up four stairs. Stop on the fourth stair.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Stop in front of the metal bench.
Exit kitchen area, and wait next to couch.
Turn right and walk down the hallway toward the window. Then turn left and proceed through the doorway to the stairs. Walk upon to the first stair and wait by the banister.
Walk past the couch and turn right. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Stop just inside the doorway.
Go passed the stairs and into the dining room with the painting on the left. Then stop before the dining table.
Stand so the stairs are on your left and walk straight down the hallway.  Stop when it opens into a bigger room with some chairs and a fireplace.  Stop behind the first white chair you run into in this room.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Go through the doorway passed the table. Stand in the doorway by the record player and wait.
Turn around and walk across the sitting room and outside. Once outside, walk to the left of the pool and stop right before you reach the first chair.
Walk toward the pool then turn right. Go straight until you get to the stairs that you can use to go into the pool. Wait there.
Walk past the recliners toward the building. Stop just inside the bedroom on the right.
Go straight passed the table and turn left. Go down the hall and straight and stop.
Continue down the steps, making a sharp right turn and walking towards the open space, stopping once you've reached the chairs and tables.
Walk past the stairs and past the human statue. Stop next to the round table with flowers on it.
Walk toward the round table and chairs. Go up the stairs on the right. Turn left and then turn right. Turn right again to go into the laundry. Wait near the sink.
Leave the kitchen and take a left. Take the next let and enter the bedroom. Stop next to the chair at the desk.
walk down the hallway to the left of the TV, exit the room, turn left and walk past the couch and chairs and walk down the hall on the left, stop in the doorway on the left.
Turn around and go all the way down the long hallway until you reach the turn by all of the glass windows.
walk away from the stairs and towards the right, walk left through the glass doorway, and continue straight down the hallway until you pass through another doorway and stop before you reach a vanity on your left.
Exit the bathroom and walk through the empty room. Walk through the doorway on the left and take an immediate left. Walk through the bedroom door and wait near the bed.
Exit the bathroom and turn right into the bedroom. Turn right again and exit the bedroom. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Leave the closet and bedroom. In the call go up the stairs. Stop on the fifth stair from the top.
Head down the hallway past the stairs. Turn left into the hall and then turn left again stopping in the bathroom doorway.
Make a right through the open door opposite the bottom of the stairs. Make a right through the open door opposite the bank of windows.Wait at the pink chairs.
Turn left and go into room. Go passed the two chairs and turn right, enter the room in front of you. go across that room slightly to the right and go into the next room in front of you. Stop at the mirror.
Walk forward from the top of the stairs into the bedroom. Walk past the left side of the bed into the little side room. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk around the table out of the office and turn left once you are in the next room. Then turn left and wait there when you see the other office.
Walk forward down the hallway. Turn hard left at the side table and walk down the stairs. Wait on the bottom stairs.
Go straight and then turn right passed the Foosball table.
Walk into the room and turn right. Walk straight all the way into and across the bedroom. Walk toward the glass doors and head outside. Wait on the balcony near the chair.
Indoors walk towards the dining table.  Walk between the table and the counter on the right. Stop at the end of the counter and the doorway.
Turn left and head down the long hallway. Continue down the hallway and stop at the bottom of the wood steps.
Turn slightly right and walk up the stairs. Wait by the top of the second set of stairs.
Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hall. Take an immediate right into the blue bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the room.
Walk past the couch and recliners towards the dining table.  Walk past the dining table and stop when you reach the kitchen counter with stove attached to it on your left.
Walk to the brick oven. Make a slight left and walk to the large sectional sofa.
Walk forward past the table with the lamps into a sitting room.  Go through some glass doors to the bathroom and wait.
Turn around and exit the conference room. Once out turn right and walk past the 2 blue and grey chairs. Once you pass the chairs, turn right and enter the conference room and stop.
Walk up the stairs and turn right towards the brown graphite counter table. Pass the table going straight towards the window by passing the plants placed on the left, and stop there.
Leave office to main workroom, walk to foosball table and stop.
Pass the glass table and chairs. Go into the hallway. Pass another table with chairs. Pass couches on the right. Turn left when you get to the stairs and go into the room on the right. Wait near the washer and dryer.
Go straight ahead past the painting of the plot plant. Go right, up a few stairs, past the counter and stop inside the door to a large cinema room.
Walk towards the stairs, and go up to thtird landing and wait there.
Turn left and go inside. Walk straight then go up the steps on the right. Turn left and then turn right. Wait near there.
Walk outside. Follow the sidewalk straight. Walk passed the pool and turn left into the last door. Walk inside the bedroom and stop near the rug.
Walk to the opposite side of the bed.  Walk up the carpeted steps.  Wait by mirror.
Exit the bedroom. Go toward the mirror art. Go to the rug in front of the television.
Go straight passed the chair and the couch. Then turn right and go towards the front door. Then stop.
Leave the bedroom and go left. Go to the sitting area with the TV. Stop next to the striped chair.
walk forward away from the front door and take a right into the sitting room. Walk through the sitting room and take a right, and another right at the stairs. Stop on the bottom stair.
Walk up the stairs turn right and walk up the stairs. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Walk into the room and stop by the chairs.
Walk between the sofa and the tables, turn left and through to the kitchen passed the kitchen table and to the end of the room near the french doors.
With the doors to the outside on your left, move forward and exit the room at the opposite corner next to the stairs leading upwards. Stop just past the base of the stairs.
Walk out of the bedroom onto the patio and to the left of the table and chairs. Walk past the love-seat and past the outdoor dining room table and chairs. Walk past the wicker basket on the table. Stop by the chair.
Turn around and walk across the hallway towards the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Go straight to the oven. From the oven go to the sink.
At the exit of the bedroom, go straight across the hall into another bedroom. Go around the bed on your right and just past the bathroom.
Walk inside and continue to the right of the long table with chairs. Go through the doorway and stop where the three doorways intersect.
Go down stairs, walk straight down hallway, turn left at the end of the hallway and exit room. Turn left walk towards closet, walk right of the closet towards open door. Stop in the doorway.
Walk through the two statues and up the large staircase. When the stairs split walk to the left and up the next set up stairs. Straight ahead is a display case, walk through the doorway to the left of the display case and stop.
Turn around and go through the hall then take a right at the painting. Then take a left and stop in the bathroom door.
Turn left and walk down the hall. Then turn left and walk into the bedroom.  Turn left again and walk down the hallway. Stop at the bathroom.
Leave the office area, walk past the fireplace, turn left, walk through the living room, walk through the doorway, and wait by the massage chair.
Exit the room. Turn left.Go through the double doors. Go past the table and chairs and the couches on the left. Wait near the glass vase with the pink flowers in the hallway.
Walk between the breakfast bar and the dining table. Make a right, and walk past the sofa. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the bedroom, turn left and walk past the stairs. Stop in the doorway to the laundry room.
Walk toward the fireplace. Before the fireplace, turn right to walk down the stairs. Continue down the stairs to the bottom. Stop in front of the framed painting.
Walk past the kitchen island and the black chair outside. walk out onto the patio and past the island. Walk down the stairs and turn left. Stop by the pool.
Walk forward past the fireplace. Take a right into the dining room. Stop once you cross the decorative tile.
Leave the bedroom through the door on the left. Enter the small hall on the right. Stop before you reach the closet door.
Walk forward and turn right beside the think pods. Once you pass the think pods, turn left and walk forward until you reach a door to exit the large open room. Right before you reach the door, turn right and enter the meeting room and stop.
Go down this hall way and keep going when you see the vase with the small white flowers, at the end you will find a bedroom with a mirrored wall.
Walk across the lobby and wait near the double door entrance.
Exit out of the bedroom through the door you are facing. Once in the hallway, turn right and walk all the way down the stairs stopping at the bottom.
Leave the bathroom and take a right. At the end of the hall take another left into the bedroom. Stop between the bed and the desk.
Exit the door and turn left. Walk up two sets of stairs and stop outside a white door.
Walk straight ahead and turn right, walking past the armchair on the left. Walk straight and turn right through the doorway. Wait near the bed.
Walk to the refrigerator and take a right. In the hall take a left and then a right and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Go down the long hallway, and turn the left corner into the blue room.
exit room, turn right, stop by microwave.
Go out the door on the left and into the next bedroom on the left.
Walk out of the dining room into the living room. Walk by the windows behind the couch. Walk out of the living room and into the next room. Walk to the right of the bar past the sculpture. Stop just past the sculpture.
Exit the room through the hallway door, then turn left into the doorway. Wait by the night stand.
Walk past console table. Make left after clear lamp. Walk past wall art. Walk through open door on left. Wait at desk.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk down the hall past the flowers. Turn right at the end of the hall and walk into the bedroom on your left. Stop in the doorway.
Walk up the stairs, and turn left into the living room.  Turn left, and wait by the wooden table.
Go straight down the hallway and then stop by the bed.
Turn left and walk through the dining area toward the kitchen. Wait by the pottery.
Walk around the bed and out of the room past the bed. In the hallway take a right, then a left into the living room. Walk straight past the dining table on the left and go through the doorway closer to the left into the bedroom. In the bedroom stop just on the edge of the rug next to the bed.
Exit the conference room, then veer right to stand in front of the door between the teal and yellow lines of the floor and the number "1000" above the door handle.
Enter the kitchen, take the exit past the refrigerator, then turn right down the hallway until you reach the stairs, then take another right and wait at the base of the stairs.
Exit the bar, go towards the brown couch, make a left towards the white chairs, go through the archway to the right, make a right and go passed the first pillar and stop.
Go through the doorway on the left and walk down the hall until you see red and gold curtains in another doorway on the left. Go through the doorway with curtains and stop in front of the window.
Go along the railing on the right, and go through the glass door to the right of the pool. Stop next to the chair on the right.
Walk along the balcony and enter the house through the door. Go forward passing the living room on the right. Go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk through the living room and up the stairs into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen into the dining room and take a left into the doorway. Stop in the doorway to the TV room.
Go straight until you get to steps on the right then go down those two steps. Go past the kitchen and go out the glass sliding doors to the patio. Then go left and down the steps. Stop near the pool.
Go straight and then go up the stairs. When you get to the top wait there.
Enter the house using the double doors on the left. Go past the table and chairs. Turn right and go into the kitchen. Wait near the chair on the left.
Go straight into the double doors ahead. Turn right and go up the stairs. Wait near the pink door.
Turn slightly to your right and walk up the flight of stairs. Take a left at the top of the stairs. Walk towards the 4 mirrored art pictures on the wall ahead of you. Once you get to those, rotate to the left and walk forward past the lounging chair and then stop on the bottom right side of the gray and white striped rug.
Exit the bathroom, then the bedroom and walk through the archway on the right. Stop in the middle of the empty room.
Walk through the kitchen between the sink and the island. Turn slight right and walk towards the couch in the living area. Stop near the couch table. Wait by the couch table.
Walk straight and pass the round table and chairs. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait near the white vase on the right.
Walk along the railing, then turn right and wait in front of sliding door.
Walk to the right of the center of the room. Walk out of the sauna and walk down the hall. Stop in front of the wood accents.
Turn around and exit the room and take a right. Take a left. Wait in the doorway of the room on the right.
Go to the right of the island and and continue passed the stairs. Stop on the first step.
Walk towards the conference room keeping the desk area to your right. Wait in the conference room.
Go straight passed the doorways on your left and right and then straight again till you arrive near a window then wait.
Exit the bathroom and walk to the door leading out of the bedroom.  Exit the bedroom and walk through the open double doors on your right.  Stop in the middle of a large open space, with the two paintings with large color dots on them to your right.
Turn left and walk in front of the bed. Turn left and walk out the door to go outside. Once outside turn left and walk through the small entry way. Stop when you reach the long wood table beside the pool.
Turn around, walk through the doorway, turn right, walk through the laundry room, and wait by the stairs.
Turn and walk towards the staircase. Turn left and walk down the stairs stopping before the first landing.
Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom, enter the hallway, turn right, walk to the cabinet, turn left, walk to the first door on the left, enter the office, wait at the pink chair.
Walk up the stairs and around the table and chairs on the patio before going inside.  Once inside, walk past the kitchen area and stop just after passing the kitchen area.  Stop next to the bar stool closest to the middle of the room.
Go up the stairs. Climb up the right-hand side of the stairs. Make a right-hand turn at the vase. Make a left turn into the first set of doors. Walk past the double arm chairs into the room with the dark brown ceiling.
Go down the hallway to the room at the end of the hall.
Go up the stairs then go straight past the round table with the chairs. Wait by the black door and the blue vase with the white flowers.
Exit room and head downstairs.  Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk between the two chairs and take a left in the hallway. Go in between the next doorway and your there.
Exit the shower and walk along the slated wall toward the arched doorway. At the corner turn right and walk through the curtain. Then turn right through the doorway and wait by the window.
Turn right and enter the wood and glass doors. Once inside, turn right and enter the bedroom. In the bedroom turn left and walk to the other side of the bed and enter the door to the right of the bed. Stop once you enter the closet.
Walk through the doorway. Go past two beds. Turn right at the wall and walk towards the door. Stop before you reach the door.
Head into main area and turn right. Walk forward until you reach the glass door to the right of the green chairs.
go up stairs,  stop at second landing.
Walk in the building to the left of the pool. Walk past the couch and turn left. Walk past the table and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hall way. Walk into the bedroom. Stop just inside the door.
Turn right at bottom of stairs and walk to next set of stairs. Walk down them and stop at base of stairs.
Turn around and walk up the stairs. At the landing turn right and walk up second set of stairs. Stop by the mirror.
Walk around the copier and exit the room.  Walk across the hall and enter the second room on the left.
Walk down hallway, past stair case, walk toward the hallway and stop in front of washroom.
Walk into the room with the long granite counter. Walk along the counter. Walk around the corner down the small steps. Continue down the hallway  passing a painting of a plant and first open doorway.
Walk toward the large painting on the wall but go through the doorway to the left of the painting.  Turn left and stop next to the two white chairs.
Walk down the brown stair case to the landing and turn left to wait by the mustard yellow chairs.
Go upstairs and wait on the left in the kitchenette doorway.
Go to your right and cross to the deck. Pass the table and the tv and stop near the tree.
Exit the bedroom and continue forward until you reach a table, stand between the lamp and sofa chair on your right.
Go around the reception desk on the right and go into the conference room that is on the right, straight ahead. In the conference room stop right next to the door.
walk  off the porch and take a left. Walk forward on the paved area and go past the purple flowers, and go down the stairs.Stop on the bricks at the bottom of the stairs.
Follow the blue line on the floor past the chairs until you reach the Foosball table, then go past the table onto the straight yellow line.
Walk down the stairs and keep walking to enter the corner that is slightly left. Walk passing the sink and the washing machines and stop right outside the door with a round doormat placed in front of the door.
Turn right until you face the stairs, then walk down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs turn left and walk through the door. Walk to the red door.
exit the bedroom, turn left, make another left turn and stop inside the bathroom.
Walk just past the bottom of the stair. Turn left. Walk past the stairs and turn left into the first doorway. Wait by the sink.
Take a right when you get to the white bookshelf. When you get to the meeting room on the right. Wait there, just outside the meeting room.
Go straight down the hallway into the next room, stopping just left of the kitchen.
Walk down the balcony and turn left into the office. Make a hard right and walk through door to exit office. Wait at bottom of the stairs.
With you back facing the doors to the outside, move forward past the furniture and turn left towards the hallway with the hallway with the light switches on the left wall. Stop at the end of the hall.
Walk up the stairs. Turn hard left and move towards the painting. Turn left and enter the room. Walk towards the bed and wait.
Walk through the hallway to the left. Go until you reach the room with the birdcage. Stop next to the blue wall across from the doors.
Take a right and then take a left. Wait next to the plant.
Go inside and stop at the top of the stairs that go down.
Walk past the round table and towards the door next to the refrigerator. Enter the laundry room and stop in front of the sink.
Go passed the sink and take a left turn. Go straight by the table and left on to the mat.
Walk out of bedroom and turn right. Walk down hallway to bathroom on left. Wait in bathroom.
Leave the room to exit to the hall. Turn left and continue until your reach the archway at the end of the hall. Stop near the bed.
Walk out of the bathroom. Turn left and walk into the last room on the left. Stop at the foot of the bed.
Go down the stairs and straight to the black door.
Walk straight ahead and then wait next to the leg machine that is on the right.
Walk toward the stove then take a left to walk out of the kitchen go past the dining table.  Go to the entryway and wait in front of the door.
Exit the room. Turn left and go past the red curtain. Turn right and go into the room. Wait there.
Go straight and turn right into the room  the the rug. Go to the right of the furniture and stop in the doorway to the next room.
Go past the two glass doors and the console table into the large room and up the stairs.  Wait after going up 3 stairs.
Walk forward and to the left into the living room.  Then walk down the hallway and stop next the door of the bathroom.
Walk up the stairs, pass the pews and the last column on the right. Walk up a few stairs, then back down to the right. Turn left and wait in the arched stairway entry.
Enter the house and walk through the dinning room.  Then turn right and walk through the hallway and enter the living room. Wait near the sofa.
Walk across the garage to your left and wait in the laundry room.
Leave the room and walk onto the marble floor.  Walk straight over the circle design in the middle of the room and walk into the room on the opposite side from where you started.  Stop after entering this room with a dining table.
Exit the bathroom. Go straight until you get to a room. Turn right and wait there in the hallway.
Go up the stairs. When you get to the top go into the room. Pass the table and chairs then turn left and wait by the window with the black vase.
Turn around and go to the right door. Go through and go to the right door of that room, follow the wall and stop.
Go up the stairs and wait at the top, near the railing.
Go through the door into the hallway. Continue straight and enter the door ahead. Walk through the door on the right that leads to the desk.
Turn left and walk towards the cross. Once you reach the end, turn right. Walk all the way across the room and stop when you enter between 2 large columns.
Walk in the direction of the patio and exit. Walk along the right side. Stop before you pass the table on the right of the door to the bedroom.
With the tourist barrier and bridge directly behind you, you will see a series of columns with arches on top of them. Counting from the left, go through the opening of the third arch. Ahead and to the left will be a squat cylindrical shape with a lot of narrow columns supporting a conical roof. Go stand next to that.
Turn around and enter the door to your left across from the stairs. Walk halfway down the hallway and turn right into the room with the pink furniture. Stop beside the table to your left.
Cross the kitchen and go towards the table. At the table cross over to the living area and stop next to the coffee table.
Slight left towards white couch. Walk straight toward dining area making a left after the tables towards the back door.
Exit the bedroom and take a left into the living room. Make your first left and wait in the hallway in front of the bathroom.
Walk though the bedroom and through the first archway on the left. Turn right and walk towards the mirror. Turn left in front of the mirror. Walk into the room and stop just inside of the entryway.
Finish going down the stairs then go past the table and chair and turn left. Stop right at the window with the vase.
Go up the stairs and take a left. Walk forward and go left into the television area. Walk down the hall to the right of the TV and enter the bedroom on the right. Stop once you are past the door in the room.
Walk down the hall with the American flag painting to your right. Continue straight through the doorway at the end of the hall. Then start up the stairs on the right and stop on the first step.
Turn right and go through the open white door. Go left and into the bedroom, and go through the door to the balcony.
Exit the room to the left of the two chairs, go down the stairs, turn left, and then turn right into the bedroom and stop near the bed.
Pass the bed and turn left at the door to exit it. Walk forward, and turn right. Keep walking forward passing the gray sofa set on your left, and stand next to the white wall on your right.
turn slight right down hall passed the stairs, continue straight down hall, turn left at opening, walk towards door on the left. Turn left towards bedroom, stop at intercom.
Leave the dining room and enter the living room. Take a right, and walk past the fire place as you leave this room. Enter the formal dining room across the hall. Stop once you step onto the rug.
Walk through the doorway to the left of the thermostat. Continue down the hall and make a right at the end of the hall. Turn left into the first bedroom. Stop before the credenza and wall mounted TV.
Turn around and walk straight across the kitchen all the way to the next room. Stop at the end of the table facing the door and the fireplace.
Walk down the hall with the building to your left, enter the house, wait at the doorway to the house.
Exit the living room, make a right and head down the hallway. Enter the bathroom. Wait by the mirror in the bathroom.
Turn around and exit out the door on the left into the closet. Walk all the way through the closet and exit the door on the black door on the right. Stop once at the doorway looking over the theater room.
Exit the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Walk forward passing the bed. Turn left to exit the bedroom. Walk straight, and turn right at the living room. Enter inside, and stop there.
Take a left and go down the hallway along the stairs. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. In the bedroom stop at the left edge of the bed.
Pass the statue on your right then turn left. Walk straight until you get to stairs on your left. Go up three steps then wait there.
Walk past the pool and continue straight through the large doorway. Stop next to the nearest gray sofa on the black rug.
Walk across room into hall, turn left and stand in front of painting.
Go straight down the hallway, and enter the bedroom at the end. Go toward the front right corner of the bed and stop.
Walk halfway to the front door. Go up to the stairs.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and go past the stairs. Wait near the chairs and couches.
Turn around and walk through the door into the bath room. Turn left to walk past the table. Wait in the bath area.
Leave the kitchen and go left. Go right, then take the first right into the entryway. Enter the bathroom on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the kitchen through the archway on the left. Walk through the door straight ahead. Turn left, enter the first archway on the left into the dining room.
Walk down the middle of the room away from the windows toward the exit of the exercise room.  Stop in front of the clock over the wooden double doors into a waiting area.
turn your body left and move forward and then turn right at the table.
Walk down the hallway past the thermostat. Walk past the stairs and stop by the table and chairs.
Walk into the bedroom and past the bed. Angle slightly left once past the bed and walk into the hallway and through the double doors. Wait just outside the doors.
Exit the bathroom and walk across the room and stand near the sofa.
Walk forward through the kitchen and onto the patio through the door on the left. on the patio take a right and go down the stairs. Step out of the gate and stop next to the first white planter on against the wall.
Go straight through the door, pass to the right of the table, turn left and go halfway down the hallway to stop by the painting.
Turn left, go down the hallway and enter the bedroom just past the stairs. Wait just inside the doorway near the bed.
Exit the bedroom and walk part way down the stairs. Wait there on the stairs.
Enter the building and go between the dining table and the bar. Turn right and go to the island in the kitchen.
exit bathroom to hall, turn slight right towards living room, turn slight right and enter bedroom, stop before bed by picture on wall.
Exit the room, make a left and go down the hallway and go up the stairs to the right and stop one step from the top.
Walk into the hallway ahead. Turn left and walk through the open double doors. Walk through the kitchen and into the stairwell on the opposite of the room.
Move through the kitchen towards the glass door leading outside. Walk through the open glass door and then towards the outside area. Go down the steps and wait there.
Turn around 180 degrees.  Go a few feet down the hallway. Turn right and enter the hallway.  Turn 45 degrees left and pass through the room into the far hallway.  Go through the doorway at the end of the hall.  Turn slightly right and go up the stair.  STop at the bottom of the stairway.
Go out the door on the right and into the closet. the pass through the closet and turn left. Stop right in front of the mirror.
Go straight down the hallway and go into the third room on the left. Wait by the lamp.
Turn around and exit the sitting area. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Leave the sitting area and go up the stairs.  Stop once you get to the top.
go down the hallway away from the entrance room, turn right, enter the sitting room, go between the chair on the left and the coffee table, exit the room, go right down the hallway, enter corredor,  stop on first step of the set of stairs on the right.
Walk down the hallway do the open doors, enter the bedroom to the hard left, wait at the doorway to the bedroom.
Exit the bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Exit the bedroom by the first door on your right.  Turn to the left as you exit the bedroom and stop at the top of the staircase.
Go stand at the back of the seating area between the back two middle benches, next to a table with a lot of papers on it.
Enter room with statues and go up stairs. Stop at landing between two sets of stairs.
Walk down the hall with the flower art to your left. Walk around one curve, then stop a few feet before the second curve, and a few feet before an air vent on the ceiling.
Turn around, head into the hallway past the two chairs. Turn right and go through the doorway. Turn left down the hallway and stop at the door in the middle.
Enter the building, walk across the bedroom and wait in the hall outside the bedroom door.
With the dining table at your back walk into the hallway and take a right. Walk around the stairs and go into the room that is the farthest on your left and stop in the doorway.
Go up the stairs and through the doorway, go straight through the hallway till you get to the end of the picture on the left and then stop.
Walk out of the utility room and turn right. Walk past the washer and dryer and turn right. Walk up the stairs and stop on the fourth stair.
Enter the bedroom to the right. Walk past the bed on the left. Wait at the door to the water closet.
Wait next to the table and chairs up ahead and to the left on the patio.
Walk to the fireplace.
Walk through the door at the end of the hallway on the left. Then head towards the door to the right. Take a right and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Go past the bench on the left. Go down the steps. Wait near the couches on the right.
Go into the house through the double doors. take a right and enter the bedroom. Leave and walk past the stairs going straight. Stop next to the wall sconce on the left.
Walk down the stairs, turn left at the landing, stop in the dining room and wait near first door on the left.
Walk into the bedroom passing a side table with lamp. Walk around the bed and continue into the bathroom area on the other side of the room. Stop near the sink area.
Leave the bedroom and go straight. Go down the stairs and stop on the first curved stair.
Go straight down the hallway, and walk into the the right room just past the foot of the stairs.
Turn around 90 degrees, walk along the wall, behind the square storage furniture, past the pillar, to the left of the bird cage and then stop in the entryway to the hallway.
Walk down the hall with the conference rooms on your left, turn right after the second teal chair, walk to the foosball table, turn left, walk to the kitchen, wait at the sink.
Head towards the entrance door. Walk through the archway to the left of the double doors and stop at the end of the hall.
exit bathroom, turn left, turn right, stop by sink.
Make a left out of the sauna door. Make a left in front of the wood slat wall. Make a right through the curtained doorway. Wait at the door to the right of the window.
Walk to the right of the dining room table. Walk to the doorway and stop.
Go through the door nearest the couch on the left side. Turn right and go though and turn left at the wall. Go straight to the grey wall and turn left. Go through the first doorway on the right.
Walk around the red couch and down the stairs to the right of the blue painting.  Stop on the fourth step from the bottom.
Take a right at the top of the stairs, and walk through the doorway. Walk towards the flight of stairs, and stop at the third step up the stairs.
Walk straight towards the big windows and stop near the corner of the rug that is closest to them.
Go towards the big mirror, then turn right through the archway, turn left through another archway, turn left again through the brown double doors, go straight then up the stairs a few steps, then stop.
Walk straight past the caged-in exhibit. Continue past the alter. Go past the second caged-in exhibit.Climb three stairs and wait in front of the door.
Turn left and walk straight through the living room, and through the doorway and stop in front of the vase with flowers.
Go right past the lockers. Take a left when you're in the lobby. Wait at the hallway.
Walk out of the foyer and take a left. Go forward into the hallway near the bedroom. Take a right into the bedroom, and go out onto the patio. Stop behind the table.
Enter and continue straight. Wait between the two pillars.
Walk across the bedroom and wait inside the bathroom.
Turn left and pass the bathroom. Turn left at the sink and exit the bedroom to the right and stop near the lamps.
Ascend stairs, continue straight ahead after staircase exit, and walk down hallway and wait in living area.
Turn around and enter the door into the bathroom. Keep walking past the tub and the sinks and exit the door to the left.  Once in the bedroom turn to the left and walk out the door going outside. Once outside, turn right and walk to the doorway and stop facing the pool and the large table.
Walk straight across the room and exit out the double doors under the clock. Walk through the room to the other side and turn right at the stairs. Stop on the 3rd step down.
Go straight down the hallway until you get to the stairs and stop.
Go past the white cubicles and turn to the left. Go forward and then make a right turn into the meeting room. Stand in front of the desk and wait.
Go down, then up the stairs a head of you. Take a right and stop once you reach the carpet on the right of the stairs.
Go down the stairs and continue forward. Start going down the next staircase and stop on the the fourth stair.
Walk to the left of the bed and into the the hallway. Turn left and walk through the double doors. Step into the hallway on the right and stop.
Exit room.  Turn left and move forward past the doorway with curtains.  Turn sharp right in the hallway.  Walk forward.  Wait by water fountain.
exit sauna, turn left, turn left and walk down hallway, stop when you make it through doorway.
With the banister to your right and the wall to your left, move forward, going down 2 shallow steps, until at the end of the hall, where you'll turn ninety degrees left and enter the room.
Go through the dining room into the lobby through the door on the right. Turn left and wait just inside the sitting area near the arm chair and side table.
Walk past the table and make a left then walk straight back and go into the room on the left. Wait inside the bedroom by the desk.
walk through doorway to exit bedroom, to the right of the bathroom, walk straight, turn right and stop at base of stairs.
Walk in the direction of the bench and go straight and down the stairs. Once down the stairs walk behind the table and the couch and stop behind the table.
Walk past the bench and turn left. Walk past the wood panel wall and stop across from the marble sink.
Turn right and walk down the stairs. Wait next to the potted plant.
Go into the bath room with white walls and floors, and blue arched designs in the walls. Go into the right section of the room and stop.
Walk to the right of the table and chairs and walk outside. Wait next to the chair on the right.
Go to the chairs. Go to the thermostat. Go to the wood hall. Go to the bedroom door.
Exit bathroom to living room and stop by white couches.
Follow the stone path until you get to the sidewalk and then turn left. Continue past the front door and stop next to the tree.
Exit the dining room. Go to the hallway between the picture and mirror straight ahead. Go all the way to the end of the hall and stop.
walk forward then turn left, walk forward again and turn left then turn left again to enter the door heading to kitchen.
Go down the stairs and step into the doorway at the end on the left.  Stop in the doorway.
Exit the bathroom and then turn right, walking past the three steps leading upward. Turn right again after the steps and walk forward until you're centered on the table to your left.
Go up the stairs, walk to the end of the silver bench, wait at the first step.
Walk toward the counter and turn right just past the Foosball table. Proceed past the cubicles and corridor, straight into the conference room. Wait near the entry by the whiteboard.
Exit outdoor bathing area,  make a left and exit room, then make a right and enter vanity room and wait.
Walk passed the mirror and turn right to go out through the white door. Turn left and go straight until you reach a bedroom on your right. Turn left into it and stop in the doorway.
Turn left and go down the hall until you get to double white doors. Go into the double white doors and wait there near the colorful painting on the right.
turn to the right go past the blue stair and keep going straight and stop at the pong table.
Go left passed the table and through the door to the kitchen. Turn right and stop once you reach the kitchen counter with white chairs.
Turn around and exit into the sitting room. Once you are in the sitting room, turn right and then enter the door on the right. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Go down to the bottom of the stairs case, and left passed the yellow furniture until you reach the glass window.
Turn around and walk between the glass railing and the next four pillars. Turn right and stop outside the next pillar.
Go along the walkway by the house, and stop where it narrows before you reach the front doors.
Head forward into the open archway on the right. Move ahead into the study past the coffee table. Pass the fireplace and turn right into the next room. Turn right again and wait just inside the bathroom.
Turn right and take a couple steps, then turn left and walk towards the bathroom. Wait near the bathroom sink.
Walk up the steps and turn left. Walk toward the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Move away from the bed toward the doorway, to the right of the sitting chairs. Make a right out of the door. Enter into the main living space and go up the stairs. End about 5 stairs from the top of the stairwell.
Walk down the stairs and keep walking straight until you reach another set of stairs.  Stop in front of the first step.
walk past the large sofa to the far side of the room and enter the hallway. Continue down the hallway and turn right after the mirror. stand by the bathroom.
Take a left at the stairs and walk down the hallway. At the end of the hallway take a right, then your first left. In the bedroom stop next to the door.
Walk through the door to go outside. Turn right and walk across the patio. Step off the patio and turn left. Walk across the concrete driveway towards the hedge.  Turn left and angle towards the opening between the two purple flowering bushes. Wait between them.
Walk through the kitchen and enter the dining room. Wait by the chair.
Turn around and walk out the door to the hall. Make a left turn into the room with the toilet.
Enter the walkway area and walk towards the hallway with the stairs. Turn right and walk past the stairs. Stop into the doorway to the bedroom on the right.
Walk forward, and turn right towards the stairs. Walk all the way up the staircase to the top. Stop at the top of the stairs next to a white door.
Walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway. In the hall take a right, and go to the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Exit the conference room, walk past the reception desk and stop by the foosball table.
Turn right to move towards the fireplace. Turn left to walk towards the desk. Turn right to walk past the desk towards the doorway. Stop in front of the narrow bookcase.
Walk straight until you get to green and teal chairs. Wait near there.
Go up the two steps and continue forward passing down the hallway to the left of the larger staircase.  Stop just before entering the room.
Walk straight past the pews and both sets of stone steps. Wait in the doorway at the left.
leave the room and go to the pool table.
Enter the kitchen. turn right and walk through the door. Go straight until you reach the white couch near the fireplace.
Walk past the stairs and around the corner to the sitting area on the left.  Instead of walking into the sitting area, walk into the alcove with a door on either side.  Stop in between the two doors in the middle of the alcove.
Enter the building and walk straight ahead toward the doorway to the left of the bed.  Go left out the double doors then walk toward the couch.  Turn right at the first hallway and stop before you reach the picture of the leaves on the wall.
Turn around and walk through the kitchen in between the island and stove. Walk towards the fire place and stand behind the black leader chair next to the white table with the bird on it.
Walk forward out of the sauna. In the hall take the first left into the small room. In the room stop in front of the door to the room with the lounge chairs.
walk away from the closet, through the glass door and down the wood floor hallway, walk straight through the doorway and stop once you enter the room.
Walk down the stairs and past the displays on the left. Stop in front of the stairs.
Turn around and go down the hallway toward the first Christmas tree on your left. Go around the tree and stop.
Exit the bedroom into the hallway and then stop outside the bathroom door.
Walk to the left past the bed to the next room.  Turn left and then walk around the corner to the right. Stand at the edge of the kitchen.
Walk inside the door, and turn right towards a corridor inside. Enter the room, and walk forward passing the bed. Turn left at the end of the bed to enter the closet, and stop there.
Walk through the living room into the kitchen, then turn left. Stop in the dining room near the first cabinet.
Turn left towards the door and exit out. Walk forward passing the stairs on your right. Stop outside the green door room.
Go down the stairs. Turn left and go straight into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Take a right then take a left and walk into the bedroom. Walk around the bed and wait in the closet.
Turn around and walk through the doorway on the left. Turn right, then a quick right into the bathroom. Wait by the door.
Walk past the armoire and turn left. Walk across the room and into the hallway. Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop by the chair.
Turn right and exit the doorway with a clock beside it. Turn left and enter the doorway across the table. Turn left again and enter the bathroom.
Walk through the open white door in front of you and enter the room.  Once in the room, turn to your left and walk towards the open door near the desk and round mirror on the wall.   Walk through the open door, and continue all the way down the hardwood hallway towards the open glass door.  Enter the room through the open glass door and walk three feet forward onto the white carpet.  Stop there.
Turn 90 degrees clockwise and walk all the way down the hallway towards the laundry room. Stop just outside the laundry room.
Turn all the way around and walk to the right out of the door into the hall with the diamond shaped flooring. Make a right into the hall. Make another right, stepping past the black marble floor panel.
Start walking towards the window next to the bed. Once in front of the window, wait there.
Walk out of the laundry room and turn right. Turn right and stop just inside the bedroom.
Leave meeting room and walk left to yellow stripe on the floor. Follow yellow stripe to Foosball table. Turn left and stop between large table and counter.
Walk forward into the room with the circle in the floor. Turn right and then go out the last doorway on the left. Walk all the way down the hallway and stop at the end.
Go to the right and go passed the table. Enter the entryway on the left and follow the wall. Go passed the table and through the entry at the end of the hall and stop near the table.
Go up the rest of the stairs and to the sitting area with the white couches.  Walk past them and the table and go up the stairs on the other side of the railing.  Keep going straight until you get to the picture of the boy with a scuba mask on.  Stop in front of this artwork.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop before the rug under the bed.
exit laundry room, turn left, walk past stairs and through the doorway on the right, stop.
Walk around the back of the two black chairs on the right. Walk past the round glass top table and turn right, walking up the two stairs. Turn left to walk down the hallway, then turn right at the first chance and walk down that hallway. Wait near the laundry room entrance.
exit the bathroom, enter large room, go down the center of the room towards the living room, veer left, enter room on the left, turn left again, enter the bedroom, stop after the doorway.
Go straight out of the room. Turn left and go straight. Pass the stairs and go straight until you get to the bedroom. Wait at the entrance.
Turn left. Wait in the entryway on the left, across from the table and chairs that are on the right.
Walk to the right of the stairs and enter the bedroom. Wait there.
Walk down the hall and turn left into the bedroom across from the bathroom. Stop just inside, next to the dry erase board.
Walk through the sitting area towards the kitchen.  Walk between the stairs to your right, and the breakfast bar to your left going all the way through the kitchen.  Go through the doorway that is to the left of the stove, into the dining room.  Stop when the dining table is in front of you.
Turn around and walk past the chairs. Take a left and walk past the stairs and into the doorway. Take a left and wait in the bathroom in front of the sinks.
Walk to the back of the sanctuary of the church and into the inside entrance area.  Stop in front of the sign that says "Ego sum panis Vitae".
Walk toward the couch and take a right to leave the room. I the hallway take a left and walk straight. Stop near the balcony on the other side of the stairs right on the rug.
Exit the bedroom, go right into the big room, turn left after the grey couch and stop mid-room.
Make a right through the doorway and walk to the top of the stairs then walk down the stairs to the bottom of the stairs and wait there.
Go the hallway and turn left through the double doors.  Head straight past the furniture and television.
Walk down the hallway past the door leading outside and stop when you get to the part of the hall slightly curving right.
Walk up the stairs and down the hall. Stop in the sitting area, near the fireplace.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and then right again into the room then stop.
Go up the stairs to the top and stand next to the glass door.
Walk down the hall. Continue straight until you get to the doorway of the living room.
Walk down the stairs straight ahead. At the bottom, turn left and stop in the doorway.
Turn around and follow the wall, stop when you get the first wall with brown trim.
Walk across the room and wait to the right of the desk.
Walk down stairs. Walk past the metal bench. Walk down stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Leave the bedroom and take a left. Go down the hall and take the third right into the dining room. Stop behind the first chair in the dining room.
After exiting the bedroom, turn ninety degrees to the left and enter the second passageway on your left. Continue forward and then turn right into the entrance of a kitchen area.
Exit the wine room and turn left. Walk down the hallway. Turn right and stand in the open doorway across from the mirror.
Walk past the plates on the wall and the cushioned bench to the doorway at the end of the hall. Walk into the circular room and stop near the round table with two pitchers on it.
Enter the hallway through the bedroom, turn right and go to the end. Wait on the stairs.
Exit the room, walk down the first flight of stairs on the right and wait straight ahead at the top of the stairs.
Walk through the red door. Head past the pictures and through the white door. Stop on the third step.
Go to the gate on the right side of the pool. open the gate and wait at the bottom of the wooden steps.
Turn around and walk out of the room and turn left. Turn right into the bedroom and wait there.
Go straight then turn left and go down the hallway until you get to a room with pink chairs, a fireplace and a green couch. Wait there by the first pink chair.
Exit the room. Turn right and go up the stairs straight ahead. Go up two steps then stop.
Walk to the front door. Make a right down the hallway. Make a left at the end of the hallway. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
face painting on wall, walk left, turn right up the stairs, follow hallway slight left, walk past chairs and through doorway on left, stop before you reach the couch straight ahead.
Walk inside through shower room. exit shower room into bedroom. Walk left across bedroom through glass doors on to patio. Turn right at table and stop next to table with towels on it.
Go down the stairs on the left and go forward. Take a left and stop next to the wood chair at the bottom of the two stairs.
Walk towards the cross and stop at the top of the steps.
Head straight until you get to the pool and then go indoors through the door on your right. Pass the couches and wait by the dining room table with four chairs.
Leave the room, and take a left. Go down the stairs. Stop on the third stair.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and walk toward the round table. Turn right and go up the stairs. Go up about twenty steps.
Exit room and walk towards green chairs.  Wait here.
Walk to the left.  Go between the ropes, to the stairs.  Go over the landing stairs and go to the top of the basement stairs.  Stop there.
Go towards the dining table, and around a corner to the stairs.  Go down the stairs and stop at the door.
Go down the stairs. Continue forward and stop in front of the door.
Walk up stairs. At top of stairs walk into the bedroom. Turn left at coffee machine and stop between two glass double doors.
With the kitchen on your left and the pool table in front of you, take an immediate left. Walk through the pathway that has cubicles on the left and a shelf on the right. Continue straight through until you see a wall made of opaque glass.
Walk to the edge of the stair post. Make a sharp left and walk up the stairs. Keep walking along the platform. Make a left to the deep stairs.
Turn around and walk towards the game room. Right before you reach the game tables, turn left and stop beside the first Think Pod.
Walk past the column and turn right. Walk left past the table and chairs and stop just in the hallway next to the kitchen.
Walk down the stairs and past the table and chairs. Stop in front of the front door.
Walk out of the closet and go through the double doors to the left. Turn left and walk halfway down the hallway and wait.
Turn left and go through the doorway.  Leave the bathroom and head towards the bedroom.  Turn left and walk through the bedroom door.  Wait there, by the doorway.
Exit steam room, and walk past vertical wood beams on the right. Walk through open wood door, and wait at marble table.
Exit the room then turn left. Go straight until you get to the room. Turn right and wait in the bathroom near the first sink.
Walk past the table and chairs and to the right of the island. Stop in front of the door.
Walk forward passing the bed. Turn right and exit the bedroom. Turn left, and stop on top of the stairs.
Turn around and exit the bedroom through the door. Turn left, go past the stairway and then turn right into the bathroom. Wait in front of the mirror.
FACING AN OPEN DOOR WITH A BLUE CARPET AND A DESK-CHAIR SET TURN TO THE RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPEN DOOR LOOKING AT STAIRS, WALK FORWARD THOUGH THE DOOR TOWARDS THE STAIRS AND TURN TO THE RIGHT SO THE STARIS ARE ON THE LEFT WITH AN OPEN DOOR IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK THOUGH THIS OPEN DOOR AND DOWN THE HALLWAY UNTIL YOU REACH A LIVING ROOM ON THE LEFT, TURN LEFT AND WALK THOUGH THE LIVING ROOM UNTIL YOU REACH A HALLWAY WITH A PAINTING, STAND IN FRONT OF THE PAINTING.
Walk down the hallway towards the potted tree.  Turn left into the first room on the left after passing the potted tree.  Stop after stepping into the room with the two beds.
Walk down the stairs and turn right. Go down the hall and stop in the bedroom at the end of the hall.
Go past the large paintings and turn right. Turn right again, walking around the end of the wall, and stop in the opening just past the wall ovens.
Move to the end of the bed and turn left. Exit the bedroom through the open door and wait outside the doorway.
Walk alongside of the pool an turn left to continue following the pool. Walk forward and enter the small glass door and stop in the patio area.
Walk out of the bedroom and walk into the room on the right. Wait next to the wall with the two paintings.
Walk past the wood dresser and down the staircase on your left. Stop when you are three stairs away from the bottom.
Go through the doorway into the living room, take a right at the redish chair, keepi goinging until you get just through the doorway, turn right and stop.
While facing the sitting area turn left.  Walk towards the open double open doors. Exit the through the double doors and turn right. Walk towards the foot of the bed and stop.
Turn around and walk straight through 2 entryways. Once you went through the wood entry way, keep walking and then stop when the room starts to open up.
Go up the stairs, turn right and go through the kitchen, and stop in the living room.
Walk towards the table and turn right. At the end of table turn left. Walk  down the hallway with the the pictures on the right. Stop in front of the doorway of the bedroom.
Walk forward, turn right at the first bench, step forward, turn left, stop in the aisle near the fourth bench.
Go straight and pass the chairs and the bed. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the toilet.
Walk all the way forward towards the black staircase railing that is visible. Pass the staircase on your left, and enter the room that is straight of you, and stop there.
Walk straight toward glass door and wait in front of the door.
Turn around and exit the bedroom. Turn left and wait by the stairs.
Walk down the corridor to the right and enter the bedroom.  Turn to your right and stop in front of the bathroom door.
Go up the steps, past the sitting area and through the double doors. Turn sharp right, start downstairs, but wait a few steps down from the top.
Turn around and go in the door on the right. Follow the hallway and stop before going into the next room with the blue window.
Travel along the back of the couch to the open doorway. Turn left and go toward the tv. Stop after passing the wall on the left and face the white couch.
Facing the green chairs go left towards the game table, go passed the game table and go near the brown table, take a step left and stop.
walk between the fridge and the island and make a left walk through the butlers pantry and step into the dinning room.
Exit the bathroom and then exit the next room via the door that's ahead and on the right hand wall. Climb down two steps on the stairs to your right.
Go right along the balcony to the edge of the balcony on the right and then stop.
Walk across the bedroom and out the door to your left. Keep walking straight down the hallway towards the stairs. Once you enter the room with the stairs, turn left and enter the bedroom. Stop right inside the room facing the pink chair and bed.
Turn around and go down the hallway. Stop once you reach the doorway to the last room in the hallway.
Walk out of the laundry room and turn right past the television. Walk into the bedroom on the left and stop.
Walk into the double doors straight ahead. Walk in between the dining table and the bar stools. At the end of the bar and table, turn left and then turn right to enter the hallway. Walk to the end of the hallway and past the dining table. Stop behind the first white chair in the sitting room.
Walk and turn right to exit the door. Turn left. Walk all the way towards the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk through the door leading to the hallway. Step onto the first step of the stairs leading up and stop.
walk on left side of table, exit through door walk straight on the right side of the think pods, turn right and walk behind desk with two chairs and stop.
Turn right through the large doorway into the living room. Walk straight past the couches on the left. Turn right into the kitchen and pause by the oven.
Go into the bedroom next to the round outdoor table. Go stand by the green chair and vanity mirror in the back of thew room.
Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Go straight, and take the last left before the double doors. Stop in the doorway.
Turn around and walk to the other end of the table. At the other end, enter the walkway to the right and walk through. Once you reach the room, turn right and stop once you are between the table and the glass cabinets.
Exit the bedroom and walk towards the stairs. Go down the stairs and wait on the 4th step from the top.
Walk through the door and to the stairs. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn left and head down the hallway.  Turn right into the room before the stairs.  Turn left and stop in the doorway.
With the sink directly behind you, look to the opposite wall and notice the opening at the left hand side. Go though that opening. Once through that opening, turn right and walk past the pillar. Stop once you've gone past the pillar.
Exit the door, turn left, and walk forward. Pass the stairs and enter the room that next to the staircase. Stand in front of the bed and stop there.
Walk through the seating area, past the fireplace, veering slightly to your left. Turn left. Veer slightly to your right, toward the windows. Wait by the windows.
Walk towards the staircase. Take one step down and wait there.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left toward the stairs. Walk down the stairs and into the hallway.
Turn to the right and go passed the white couches and the table. Go into the entry on the left and stop at the top of the stairs.
Head out of the bedroom towards the hallway and take the first door on the left. Stop after getting into the other bedroom.
Go downstairs and wait to the left, in the bedroom.
Go into the kitchen, passed the counter and then go straight passed the yellow chairs into the doorway leading outside, then stop.
Leave the office and enter the foyer. Walk up the stairs to the left and wait in the bedroom doorway.
Walk down the stairs and turn left at the bottom.  Turn left again and step into the bathroom, stopping in front of the sink.
Walk out the door in front of you. Once outside turn right and walk down off the wood. Turn left and then left again. Walk across the driveway and walk through the opening between the bushes. Once you step off onto the tile patio stop.
Go into the walk in closet through the door that's to the right of the head of the bed.
Exit through sliding doorway away from bedroom. Go straight away from sliding door. Turn right after wall, then go through sliding doorway towards kitchen, with teh black and white painting on the wall on your right. Stop just in front of the sink.
Face the exit. Walk straight out the door. Turn left in front of the white desk. Walk past the white desk and turn right. Turn right, walk to where the two white desks meet and stop.
Exit the closet, immediately turn right, then through the bedroom to the sliding glass door. Wait there in the exterior doorway.
Walk forward and turn right to exit the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk toward the kitchen table. Turn into the first room on the right and wait by the woodpile.
Turn to the left and walk to the stairs.  Go up the stairs and enter the dining room. Turn right and enter the living room area.  Stand next to the coffee table.
Exit the shower and head straight out of the bathroom through the curtained doorway on the right. Continue straight and enter the room on the right.
Walk through the hallway, turn left and wait by the laundry room door.
Go down the hallway and stop near the front entrance.
Leave the bedroom and make a slight right turn; go into the room across the hall. Turn right in the room and go to the bedroom at the end of the room. Wait inside the bedroom.
Exit the room. Turn right and walk all the way to the front door. When you get to the front door turn left. Walk straight all the way down the hall until you get to a door straight ahead and another one on the right. Wait there between both doors.
Go to the left. Walk past the rope. Stop in front of the red platform.
Go to the desk. Go to the dining table. Go in front of the bathroom door.
Walk up the stairs and turn left into the second door. Wait here.
Walk forward and enter through the second door on your right. Walk through the living room to the dining room with the round table. Stop next to the right chair at the round dining table.
Walk down the hall and out the door. Turn right and walk through that door. Turn left and walk through the entryway and around the couch. Go out that entryway.
Walk forward towards the dresser.  Take a right turn and walk past the railing.  Continue walking straight past the two chairs on your right and stand in the middle of the double white doors.
Walk past the dining room table and chairs and outside. Turn right and stop by the white chair.
Exit the bedroom and turn to your right. Walk down the hallway and enter the kids bedroom.  Wait by the chair.
Go through the hallway opposite the white picture, make a right passed the stairs and wait near the table with chairs.
Walk down the stairs past the large black art on the left. Goal is at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the room into the hallway and turn right. Follow the hallway left when it turns. Then turn into the office room with blue carpet and stop next to the round white table with the tic tac toe game on it.
Walk all the way forward passing the small round table with four chairs on the right. Turn left towards the fireplace, and stop near the gray sofa.
Walk straight towards couch, take a left through first table with four chairs, stop directly in front of table with 6 chairs.
Turn around, walk past the fireplace and through the open wall/doors.  Walk on the grass and then go into the doorway/wall that is open.  You will be into a bedroom.  You'll need to walk towards the bed and then stop just before you get to the bed.
walk between the chair and bed and through the doorway, turn left and walk through the glass door stop when you reach the banister.
Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn right and exit. Once out, turn right and walk down the hallway and enter the double doors on the end. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Leave the conference room and take a left. Once past the reception area take a right. Go to the Foosball table and stop on the far end in front of the painting in the nook.
Exit the laundry room. Move down the hallway to the right. Wait inside the bedroom door.
TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU ARE FACING A SET OF STAIRS WITH TABLE BENCHES TO THE RIGHT AND SEVERAL BENCHES PUSH TOGETHER ON THE LEFT, WALK TOWARDS THE STAIRS, WHILE ON THE STAIRS THER WILL BE WOODEN CHAIRS AND AN ALTER TO THE RIGHT CONTINUE WALKING FORWARD TO THE NEXT SET OF STAIRS ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ALTER, WALK TO THE END OF THE STAIRS LOOKING AT A WIDE HALLWAY WITH A DOORWAY TO THE LEFT, TURN LEFT AND WALK TO THE ARCHED DOORWAY WITH A SET OF STAIRS LEADING DOWN.
Exit the room and go right down the hallway. Travel toward the christmas tree and stop at the plaid stocking on the wall.
Walk forward and then turn right when the rooms open up. Walk forward and then enter the door on the end and stop.
Exit the room and go down the hall to the left. Wait in the bedroom at the end of the bed.
Walk forward and then turn right to walk up the stairs. At the top walk to the right and enter the large bedroom and stop.
Enter the house from covered bar, turn right at dining table and go up steps, turn left down hall to first right then right again to stop at washing machine.
Go down the narrow corridor and turn right into the bathroom . Wait just inside the doorway in front of the vanity.
walk past the fridge towards the stairs, turn and walk up the stairs, turn right and walk up the next flight of stairs and stop on the landing.
Leave the bath area and head for the left door. Go through the open wooden door  and make a left though the curtain. Go to the door on your right and wait there.
Go down the stairs then turn left and go into the room straight ahead. Wait at the entrance.
Turn around and walk down the hallway, walk through the doorway in front of you and stop at the counter in the next room.
Walk through kitchen to open doorway. Walk through the doorway and turn right. Enter bedroom and stop on the oval rug on the floor.
Exit the bathroom using the door on the right and turn right to go into the hallway turn right again to go into the room on the right with floral wallpaper and couches. Pass the mirror and exit that room using the door on the right and wait near the stairs.
Head down the stairs to your right. At the bottom, turn left and enter the hallway. Turn into the first door on your right and stop facing into the laundry room.
Walk all the way down the hallway keeping the wall on your left and stop in front of the door on your right side that has the treadmill inside.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Turn right and walk out of the bedroom. Walk into the hallway and turn right then turn left. Walk into the bathroom on the left and stop.
Turn left and walk across the room, stop in front  of the third door on the right.
Exit the room, walk down the hall and wait partway down the stairs.
Exit the bathroom and go left into the hallway. Travel to the end of the hallway and stop in the doorway of the room with the grey bedspread.
Leave the room and turn right right at the mirror.  Take a few steps and turn left so you are standing under a ceiling light.  Turn left and walk towards the staircase ahead of you.  Go up two stairs and then stop.
Walk past the refrigerator into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the hallway and wait at the bottom of the stairs on the right.
Exit bathroom. Exit bedroom. Walk down first step and stop  at the top of the stairs.
Turn around and walk straight to enter the hallway ahead. Keep walking down the hallway and turn right when you reach the painting of a flag on your left. Stop once you enter the room facing the large table and chairs.
Move past the long table on the left and enter the doorway on the right. Move forward past the two tables and turn as you move past the chair on the left. Enter the doorway past the chair and stop after a few feet.
Walk toward the double doors and turn left. Walk down the hall and turn left past the washer and dryer and stop.
Walk to the other side of the room and out the doorway on the right. Walk into the hallway and then turn right into the next doorway. Stop once you enter.
Go straight until you pass two lamps in the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. Wait there.
Exit the room. Turn left and go straight until you get to stairs on the right Pass the stairs then turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Finish going up the stairs and go into the second door from the left. Pass the bed and go into the closet. Wait there.
Exit the room. Turn left and then turn left again. Go into the second room on the left. Wait near the sinks.
Exit the sauna. Turn left and then turn left again. Go straight and then go right at the red curtains. Turn right and wait near the entrance.
Go straight,pass the shower and the sinks then when you get to a black and white painting of a tree and a lady in a dress turn left to go into the closet on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Walk out of the laundry room through the door into a front entry area. Walk past the cabinet and around the corner with framed mirrors on the wall. Walk into the door ahead that leads to a bedroom with soccer themed art on the walls.
Move forward with the table to your right. Turn left at the smaller doorway to your left. Pass through the doorway and move forward toward the bed. Move around the foot of the bed and continue forward to the door next to the white table lamp. Go through the doorway of the closet and stop at the small table with the scarf.
Head past the washer & dryer and up the stairs.  Wait at the very top of the stairs next to the mirror.
Exit outdoor shower and enter bedroom. Walk straight and pass bed. Turn right and and walk forward down hall. Stop at closet doors.
Turn left and pass the large table with the chairs. Continue straight until you get to a round table with chairs. Turn right and go indoors. Wait near the bed.
Walk straight through the double white doors. Turn left and go into the room ahead. Exit the room onto the balcony using the door on the left. Wait there.
Walk to the other side of the bed and enter the bathroom. Once in turn left and stop right before you reach the bathtub.
Turn around and walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk through red curtains and head into the hallway.  Turn right, and walk into next room.  After you enter, stay left, and head towards the water basin.  Wait by the blue tile wall.
Exit bathroom.  Walk towards black and white painting.  Turn right at the painting to enter the bedroom.  Wait by bed.
Go downstairs, turn right and the stop inside the bedroom.
Turn around and walk toward the wall.  Turn right and walk past the conference table.  Exit the conference room and walk straight.  Wait next to the brown desk.
Turn around and walk towards the basket of towels. Turn right and enter the house. Once inside, walk to the left of the bed and stop once you reach the small desk.
Turn around and walk all the way down the glass walkway. Stop when the walkway opens up and you are facing the couches.
Walk down the hall passed the columns reception desk. Walk along the staircase that borders the checkered tile floor towards the wooden sitting benches.
Walk down stairs. Walk past yellow floral arrangement on left. Walk to pendant lighting hanging from ceiling. Make hard left. Wait at threshold of open door.
Walk across the living room area towards. Turn slightly right and wait in front of the black sculpture.
Walk out of the pantry and through the kitchen. Keep walking past the living and sitting area and stop at the far left edge of the rug on your left.
Walk up the stairs, cross the parlor, walk up the stairs, wait at the top of the stairs.
Leave the TV room, and take a left. Enter the bedroom on the left. Stop in front of the closet door.
Go straight past the staircase and stop in the doorway with the yellow double doors.
Leave the room and walk past the staircase to your left. Walk down the hallway wand into the bathroom on your right.
Turn left and walk between the rows of chairs.  Turn left and walk in front of the wetbar and then wait.
Leave the laundry room and take a right. Go down the hall and take a right. Enter the bathroom by entering the second door on the right. Stand in front of the towel on the rack.
Walk through the tiled room out through the open sliding glass door to the outside patio. Turn left at the table and walk past the wicker basket with towels inside towards the round wooden patio table ahead.
Walk towards the garage doors and turn left. Walk through open door and turn right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Turn around and go up the stairs in front of you. Walk forward and then turn left and stop on the first step.
Exit the bedroom, then enter the bathroom on your right. Wait near the sink.
Go forward past the sitting area and walk onto the patio. On the patio take a right, and stop in front of the two iron chairs.
Exit the room using the door on the far left to go into the bathroom. Pass the sink and the tub and wait near the toilet.
Walk through the room and out the open door into the hallway. Walk down the hall to the staircase and walk up the first half and turn the corner up to the remaining flight of stairs.
Walk down the hall along the glass doors to outside. Walk into the open room with couches around a coffee table. Walk towards the next table area with armchairs surrounding it and stop nearby.
Turn slightly left and walk across the kitchen area. Exit through the doorway to the left. Walk though the room towards the yellow wall and wait by the thermostat.
Walk past the dining table towards the stairs.  Pass the front of the stairway, and stop at the laundry room door, looking through it so you see into the garage also.
Walk out of the meeting room and make a right. Walk straight down that hall and make a right when you get to a think pod and shelf. Wait between the pod and shelf;.
Walk to the dining table, turn right and go up the steps. Turn left at the top, then turn right. Enter the laundry room, on the right, and stop near the washer.
Walk to the end of the pool. Turn left. Walk to the end of the grass.
Walk left past the picture and the stairs. Turn right and stop next to the conference table.
Walk through the doorway to your left and then turn right to enter the bedroom. Walk across the bedroom and out the door to go outside. Stop right outside the door when you reach the table.
Enter house through big double doors. Turn left and enter archway, Go straight down hallway towards pictures on the wall.Turn left of the pictures to stairs and stop.
Exit the dining room and walk straight across wooden floor to the narrow hall. Walk all the way down the hall and wait in the office on the left.
Walk with the double doors on your left and past the sink on your left and wait by the open door.
Walk into the dining room and past the dining room table and chairs. Stop by the outside dining room table and chairs and stop.
Exit room, go straight through the room, and wait near the game table.
Go between the chairs to the entryway and turn left. Go down the hallway and stop at the glass table.
Turn right and walk towards the statue and enter the pink door to the left of statue. Once you enter the room, turn right and and go through the white walkway and stop on the other side.
Walk across the room and enter the doorway on the left side of the bed into the bathroom. Stop and wait near the towel rack.
Walk out of the shower and past the tub and turn left. Walk through the entryway and turn right. Stop in the entryway.
Walk towards the pool, and turn right passing the entire table and chairs on the right. Stop at the end of the table next to the last single chair around the table.
Exit the bathroom to the sink area then go out the door to your right. After this make a U turn and enter the room to the left then wait there.
Go out the black door and into the hallway. Turn right to go into the large room. Go to the middle of the open space.
Move forward, turn right, walk to the left pillar, wait near the stairs.
Follow the hallway strait into the bathroom, stop and wait near the vanity.
Walk up the steps and down the hallway. Walk into the first bedroom on your left and stop just inside the bedroom.
Exit the building, walk through the patio, wait at the brown table.
Turn right and walk past the washer and dryer to the end of the room. Turn left and walk forward into the room until you pass the glass doors on your right. Stop inside the room facing the wood cabinets and the stalls.
Walk down the hall and turn right, walk a step or two and turn left out of the double doors.  Then walk towards the staircase but turn at the first door on the left.  This is a bedroom.  Wait just inside the doorway.
Turn left and walk up the stairs. Take a left and wait in the bedroom.
Turn right to exit the room. Once out, turn left and and walk straight forward through the double wood doors. Stop inside the doors facing the 2 shelves.
Walk down stairs. Wait by odd yellow couches.
With the piano behind you walk straight, passing the two white marble statues.  Stop in front of the painting of the white dress.
Walk down the staircase and down the three stairs.Turn left and go into the hallway. Walk into the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom and turn right at the mirror. Enter the closet and walk to the back, exiting into the theater room. Wait just inside.
Pop over to the next room, it's the sitting room with the botanical wall paper.
Walk across the bedroom and turn right past the TV to exit. Once out, walk across and stop in the next doorway.
Exit the closet.Turn right to exit the bathroom.Wait in the bedroom near the white lamp.
Walk down the middle of the room through the door with the clock over it.  Walk into the small office room and stop in the center of it, just before reaching the desk.
Turn left and wait next to the oven.
Walk through the den past the fireplace and enter the theater room.  Stop next to the popcorn machine.
Exit the room and make an immediate left. Walk down the hall to the stairs. Turn right to walk up the stairs. Stop at the landing.
Walk down the hallway so that the picture is on your right hand side. Take a left and walk towards the wall with a flower pot. Walk down the stairs and stop once you hit the bottom.
Leave the bathing area and take a left. Enter the room on the right with the lounge chairs. Stop in front of the empty spot between the chairs.
Leave the closet, go straight, past the shower and turn left to go by the sinks.  Turn to the right and go into the bedroom. Stop by the nightstand and wait there.
Walk straight past the bed and through the door. Go left toward the back door. Turn left into the kitchen.
Exit the room. Turn left and go through the red curtain. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the first lounge chairs.
Walk forward through the doorway. Make a right and continue down the hall.
Walk towards the fireplace to the right of the pool.  After passing the fireplace, stop behind the glass panel in the middle of the open area in front of the pool.
Walk down the hallway and exit through the red door. Go through the double doors and wait at the base of the stairs.
Go through the archway next to the fridge, at the intersection take a right, go through the hallway until you get to some stairs and take the stairs a few steps up and stop.
Turn around and walk past straight past the refrigerator. Turn to the right and into the hallway. Turn left and into the dining room. Turn right and walk down the next hallway. Turn left and walk past the marble column, stop by the chair.
Exit the room. Stop in the hallway when you get next to the first doorway on the left.
walk to the bronze statue continue straight past the stairs to the chair then walk slightly left between the marble statues continue straight past the picture of the dress wait in the doorway.
Move through the doorway, then down the stairs to the left and continue up the stairs from there. Stop when you reach the top.
Walk through the doorway thats directly right to the picture. Walk through the doorway directly to your left, and stop in front of the bed.
Turn around and follow the hallway to the staircase. At the stairs, begin descending.
Go up the stairs, and turn right, go through the room to the right of the table, take a step up onto the step and stop.
Exit the bathroom and go down the hallway. Take the first right and stop near the door to the left.
Walk straight through the bathroom and into the bedroom.  At the foot of the bed, turn right and exit into the hallway.  Stop after stepping into the hallway.
Walk around the lounge chairs and into the hallway. Turn left and continue down the hallway past the formal dining room. Turn right and wait in the doorway.
Exit the bathroom and turn left into the bedroom. Stop and wait near the fireplace.
Exit the room. Walk straight until you pass the stairs continue straight into the room. Wait near the couch.
Exit the bathroom and walk through the bedroom.  Go up the stairs just outside the bedroom and stop on the fifth step from the top.
Walk forward, and take a right. Enter the living room and walk toward the windows. Stop behind the black leather chair next to the window.
Walk straight toward the wall with the artwork, turn right, then turn left. Stop near the black and white painting on the wall.
Walk forward toward blue and grey chairs, then turn right and enter meeting room.
Leave the bathroom and turn right.  Keep going straight and enter the big bedroom at the end of the hallway.  Stop just before stepping into this bedroom.
Go to the chandelier. Go to the two light switches. Go to the purple chair. Go to the photographs. Go to the bed.
Walk past the small table with four chairs, into the entry. Walk between the two women statues and go to the left of the front door. Stop in the archway to the right of the painting of a white dress.
Go down the hallway until you get to the second door on the left then go into the room and turn left to go out to the hallway and wait there.
Go straight into the room with the front door and continue straight through the archway, continue to the end of the hall near the three pictures and stop.
Go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go past the soccer table then turn right. When you see a big room with a table and a tv screen turn left. Turn right on the first room you see with a big table and chairs and wait there.
Turn slightly left and exit the room. Turn right and exit the bedroom through the door facing north from you. Turn slightly right and wait by the beige carpet and sofa.
Go upstairs to the right and into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen, down the steps and wait in the sitting area.
Walk to the left of the bed and through the doorway on the left. Stop just inside the entryway on the right and stop.
Walk towards the stairs, and through the doorway directly left of it. Walk into the room, and stop when you are next to the dresser.
Walk toward the double doors. Walk through the double doors and past the filing cabinet. Stop by the wooden chair.
Start going down the stairs.  Stop on the third to the last step.
Leave the laundry room, go straight and then make a right at the wall corner. . Turn into the first bedroom on your right and then stop just as you enter.
Walk through the double doors that lead to the stairs. Walk past the cradenza and turn in the first room on the left. Stop after you enter the room.
Walk through the bathroom and into the hall on the other side of the open door. Walk through the wood floored hall through the entryway ahead. Walk into the next room and exit through the door that leads to a hallway.
Leave the closet and bedroom. Take a left, and go down the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair from the bottom.
Go forward toward the stairs and take a left going down the stairs. Go down three stairs and stop.
Head straight toward the hallway all the way down until you get to a door that leads to the bathroom. Wait there.
Leave the room through the door and walk forward past the picture of the tree. Stop when you enter the bedroom.
walk around counter and turn left, walk through hallway stop at head of table.
Go behind the white couch with the red cushions on the left and walk along the walkway with the railing on your left.  Keep going until you reach the door at the end and stop after stepping inside.
Start at the door. Walk in. Turn left. Pass a blue desk on the right and then a white desk on the right. Turn right after the white desk. Stop next to the desk.
Walk up the stairs, turn left, walk through the living room, turn right, enter the bedroom wait at the bed.
Exit the dining room into the foyer, turn right, walk to the mirror, turn left, walk past the window, wait in the doorway.
Continue down the hallway and stop once you're near the stairs.
Exit the room through the archway, then wait in the dining room by the counter.
Walk past the front door and the stairs and turn right into the utility room.  Walk through this room and into the garage.  Stop just after stepping into the garage.
Walk past the splatter painting on the right. Walk straight towards the black vase on top of the half wall. Walk down stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Make a sharp turn right past the table and chairs and into the kitchen and stop.
Walk past the dining room table and turn left. Turn left and walk past the table into the kitchen. Stop behind the chairs.
Walk towards the stairs and make a right down the hallway. Pass the dining room on the right and make a right into the doorway after the dining room.
Exit the conference room. Walk past the sitting area on your right. Turn right and walk into the desk area on your right. Wait on the carpet between the two office chairs.
Go straight and then down the hallway. Turn left and stop right next to the outside entrance.
Turn around and go through the 2 glass doors behind you to leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn right to exit the bedroom. Once out, go down the stairs about 3 steps and stop facing the door to outside.
Exit the room using the door on the far right then turn right and go straight until you pass the couch. Turn left and head toward the white couches. Wait near those white couches.
Go straight up the stairs. Walk forward and go up the next stair behind the chairs. Walk onto the mosaic and stop.
Exit the bedroom and go straight down the hallway, passing all doors until the last one on the right. Enter the bathroom.
Walk to the along side off pool and stop in the grass.
Go down the stairs. Continue straight, stop in front of the bedroom. Turn right and stop in the hallway.
Turn around and keep walking on the hallway across the first doorway and wait at the top of some stairs.
Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk down the stairs and turn right. Stop in front of the pair of tables.
Walk out the door to your right to go outside. Once outside, go through the doorway on the left. Walk to the left of the wood table and walk alongside it and stop once you reach the middle.
Go straight up the steps and stop by the stairs on the left.
You're in a kitchen, you'll turn right. Walk past the fridge.  Turn right again.  Walk into a hall.  Turn left and walk through the dining room to the right.  You'll walk through the doorway and take a left.  Walk past the pillar and then wait.  You'll be in the living room.
Walk straight ahead to the frame surrounding the tub.
Head outside of the bathroom and turn right, keep right until you reach the other side of the room and head for the exit, on the right. Once you exit the room, turn left and enter the other room.
Walk past the dining room table and turn left. Walk out of the doorway and turn right. Turn left and stop in the bedroom.
Go to the top of the stairs, into the first room on your left, and stop just passed the door.
Go straight until you pass all the benches on the right. Walk up the steps and wait near the benches on the right.
Go straight down the hallway.  When at the end of it, turn to the right and walk into a seating area.  You'll stand by the first couch's right arm and that's where you need to wait.
Go down the stairs past the door mat.Turn left and go between the purple flower bushes.
Exit the dining area, and walk down the hall next to the painting on the left. Wait in the entrance to the room with the fireplace.
At top of steps turn left and go down next set of steps. At bottom of steps turn right. Walk down steps and walk to benches next to large pillar and arches on the wall.
Turn around. Walk down the hall toward the light Christmas tree. Enter the living room. Walk toward the table with chairs around it. Turn a sharp left at the closest end of the table. Turn into the kitchen. Stop on the linoleum.
Walk forward passing the living room and taking a left at the wall. Go forward, and enter the bedroom on the right. Stop once you enter the room.
Turn around 180 degrees.  Move forward, take a left to go down the stairs.  At the bottom of the stairs, go left, then make a right turn into the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom. Take a sharp right. Walk toward doorway. Stop there.
Walk up the flight of stairs to the top. Turn and walk through the open door to the bathroom with the painting of a tree.
Go down the stairs on the left, go passed the kitchen table and stop at the end of it.
Walk up stairs into bedroom. Stop at bed.
Head toward the stairs on the right and go up the stairs then wait four steps before you get to the top.
Enter the house and walk through the living room past the yellow couches. Bear to the left and follow the corridor and stop next to the table with the fax machine on it. Wait there.
Make your way up the stairs, go right and then left and then stop.
Go through archway into dining area. Go through double doors at the end of the room. Stop just inside the double doors, facing a vase on a shelf.
Walk through the laundry room. Take a left into the kennel. Stop in front of the door on the right.
Go downstairs. and through the doorway on the right. Stop just before the bar.
Turn around and exit the dining room. Wait next to the office that's on the left.
Go straight past the desk. Pass the soccer table and wait near the large table and white chairs.
With the bed behind you, walk through the doorway to the open area on the right.  Walk towards the pool outside and walk along the right side of it.  Go back inside and stand behind the one closed door/window on the right side of the pool.
Turn around and walk past the table and kitchen island to leave the kitchen. Go down the hallway and wait inside the doorway on the left.
Go through the living room, make a slight right go straight passed the table on the left through the hallway, and wait near the glass table.
Turn right and walk down the hallway  past the screen door, until you reach another door on the left. Enter the door, then walk across the room, to the right, and stop in front of the bath tub.
Continue down hall into kitchen. Leave kitchen into dining room, turn right and stop between table and bar.
Walk out of the bathroom passing the sink and toilet. Walk down the hallway and make a left at the paintings. Walk into the bedroom area towards the open door and wall lamp.
Walk into the house and then past the bed. Turn right and wait near the sink.
Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Turn left and walk past the foot of the bed. Leave the bedroom and make a left into the laundry room. Enter the garage and stop by the small table.
Walk down the hallway along the banister railing. Walk through the bedroom door passed the cabinet. Walk through the room and through the door near the bed Stop near the open door to the outside.
Turn right and go down the stairs. At the bottom turn left and head straight for the pink door in front of you. Stop once you are in the pink doorway looking into the room.
take a right out of the bathroom and another right in the room with the chairs. Walk to the small hall and stop in front of the flower vase.
turn around go down the hall and go straight across to the room and stop by the table.
Walk forward slightly and turn right to exit the room. Once out turn right and go to the end of the hallway. Walk into the last bedroom on your left. Once in stop once you reach the end of the bed with the desk to your left.
go up the stairs past the table then turn left and stand in the living room near the door.
Stand facing two closed doors with stairs on the left and a kitchen area on the right.  Go up the stairs on the left and go up.  When you reach the next floor, turn right and walk past the round table and chairs, stairs, and walk into the sitting area.  Stop in front of the two small tables on the rug.
Walk to the other end of the room and into the bedroom. Stop beside the bed, on the rug.
Walk past the yellow couches and into the kitchen. Go through the kitchen and into the room on the left. Pass the table and chairs and turn left. Wait near the top of the stairs going down.
Walk past the teal and yellow seating area, and go past the Foosball table. Stop on the yellow line next to the Foosball table.
Pass the table and chairs. Make a left U Turn and go up the steps. Walk straight until you get to a bench on the right and wait there.
Walk through the doorway into a bedroom with a floral bed spread and continue outside.
Walk past the chairs and exit the bedroom.  Walk down the hall and enter the first bedroom on your left.  Wait near the bed.
Exit the closet and make your first right. Go down the hall and stop at your first right. Stand in front of the bathroom.
Walk straight past the large table and chairs. Pass the white lounge chairs and stop right before you pass the pool on the left.
Walk through the dining and living room and take the second left out of the room. In the hallway take a left into the bathroom. Stop next to the toilet.
Walk straight until you reach a staircase. Walk up the stairs and wait by the books stacked at the top.
Exit bathroom, go towards dresser. Go right through doorway and exit room. Wait outside doorway.
Leave the bathroom and go out of the bedroom beyond it. Stop in the hallway just outside of the bathroom.
Walk out of sauna through the door on the right. Walk by the wood paneling. Stop by the fifteenth wooden panel.
Leave the pantry, and take a left. Walk froward, and go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Exit the kitchen to the door left of the stove. Enter the dining area and turn left. Exit through the first door on the left. Turn right and go through the door left of the front door. Enter the bedroom and wait by the bed.
Walk down the hallway passed the glass door and potted plant. Continue down the hallway into the spa room on the left. Walk int the bathroom with a large circular bath tub.
Exit the living room by heading down the hallway towards the wreath.  Enter the first door on the right and wait inside the bathroom.
Leave the bedroom, and take the first right into the living room. Go slightly to your right and stop in the center of the room with light sockets on your right, and left side.
With the stairs to your right, go forward and exit the room through the opening centered on the opposite wall. Continue through that carpeted room, passing by a fireplace on your right, and exit the room through a set of double doors, stopping when you step on the wooden flooring.
Go to the white staircase.
Go down the stairs all the way to the ground.  Continue forward, into the entryway of the house.  Stop just over the line onto the grey tile.
Walk past the foot of the bed on your right and exit the bedroom through the door ahead of you. Take a dogleg to the right and continue into the room.
Locate the open white door straight ahead. Travel to the door. Turn left and enter the door on the left. Move forward three feet, until you are halfway to the large wooden counter.
Walk up the stairs and down the sidewalk. Go into the second door, across from the pool, and walk into the room. Stop.
Exit the bathroom, turn left, go through the white double doors, then turn right through the kitchen area and step into the dining room and stop.
Go straight down the hallway. Turn in the 2nd door to your left. Once in the bedroom turn left and stop at the doorway facing the hallway.
Turn left and exit the room. Go to the left passed the mirror and enter the living area. Then turn left to enter the double doors, turn left again and stop on the stairs.
Walk down the corridor and wait by the third column from the stairs.
Move forward with the doorway the bedroom to your right. Turn left when you reach the long white cabinet. Move down the hallway passing the doorway on your left. Pass through the doorway then turn to the right. Pass through the door way and move toward the glass door on your right. Turn left and move toward the four chairs. Stop just before you reach the carpet.
Walk out of the bedroom passed the foot of the bed and into the hallway. Walk passed the bathroom and into the small dining room to the left. Walk towards the child's bedroom near the kitchen entry.
Walk past the refrigerator and into the large room. Stop by the stove top.
Go into the room. Turn right and pass the fireplace. Turn left and go into the second room on the right. Wait there.
Walk over the outdoor deck past the table and into the open entryway into the home. Walk through the living room between the armchairs and kitchen counter turn the corner up the small set of step leading to a hallway. Walk down the hall and turn into the laundry room with a waching machine and sink inside.
Walk past outdoor outlet. Walk past marble wall. Wait at fireplace.
Walk away from the theater room and past the chairs. Walk down the steps and into the hallway and turn left. Stop by the table.
Walk straight past the stairs and into the master bedroom. In the bedroom take a left into the bathroom. stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk down hall and turn left at 2nd chair. Wait at entrance to the bathroom.
Walk past the conference table and exit the room. Turn left and walk past the chairs on your right.  Turn right and walk forward until you reach the Foosball table.
Walk around the left of the foosball table. Go past the Thinkpods. Take a slight right into the doorway and wait there.
Go down the cheetah stairs then turn left and pass the couch then turn left and wait there by the small door on your left.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk through the doorway and angle to the right, walking past the dining table. Continue straight past the record player and enter the child's bedroom. Wait near the bed.
Walk straight toward the couches. When you get to the couches U turn right. When you pass the kitchen ovens stop.
Turn around and go through the office space, go to the right, passed the foosball table and stop near the sink.
Exit the bathroom and bedroom. Go down the hall and wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk towards the pool, and walk in the seond set of open doors on your right. Walk in the middle of the two black doorways, and stop.
Go passed the stairs on your right, take a step into the bedroom and stop.
After exiting the building, turn left and walk down the path until you pass the doors on your left.
Go down the hallway until you pass a plant then turn left after the plant and go into the bathroom. Wait by the tub/jacuzzi.
Walk through the two statues, and down the hall on the left. Enter the bathroom through the first door on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Turn around and exit the bathroom and then exit the bedroom. Turn left and wait in the doorway of the garage in the laundry room.
Walk across patio to open sliding glass door, and enter house.Walk right across bedroom into bathroom. Stop between sink and bathtub.
Go down the corridor, going past the couch, and stop at the next walkway, just after the couch.
walk away from small desk towards chair, turn left to walk past foot of the bed, turn left at the desk and walk through doorway straight ahead and stop.
Walk into the living room from the hallway. Enter the hallway to the left. Wait inside the bedroom through the first door on the left.
Turn right and walk to the end of the hall. Wait near the living room.
Go to the front of the sink. Go into the next room which is the dining room. Go through the dining room to the living room entrance and stop.
Walk past the bed and out the door going outside.  Stop between the two stairs on the deck.
Turn left and enter the large black doors. Walk across the room towards the right to the kitchen area with black counters. Walk to the right of the counter and stop in the doorway beside the oven.
turn left straight head then left turn, down stairs stop at last step.
Turn left and walk across the carpet. Wait outside just right outside the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom, then turn right to walk past the foot of the bed on your left. Turn right again to exit the bedroom. Then turn left and walk to the top of the stairs on your left.
Walk down the sidewalk towards a wire structure shaped like a person and turn left. Go through the glass doors and enter the building . Follow the wall on your right and you will see three small steps. Go up onto the first step and wait.
Walk past the large brown door and turn left through the curtain archway. Walk straight down the hallway into the bathroom and turn into the doorway on the right. Wait between the the first and second grey reclining chair.
walk up the stairs, turn right, turn right at the chair, take first left down hallway,turn left and stop in doorway.
Exit wine room to hallway and turn right, Turn left at stairs into doorway and stop by open room and window.
Walk straight and then turn left. Go past the bed and then go out side using the glass doors. Wait near the round table with the chairs.
Go down the stairs and through the doorway at the bottom, through the laundry room, and stop at the entrance to the garage.
Walk to the end of the hall and turn right. Stop just inside the door.
Walk out of the laundry room past the sink and across the hall up the stairs that curve left. Walk across the hall into the bedroom and stop behind the chair.
Go past bed and out of the room. Continue straight into next room. Stop at entrance to the closet.
Walk up stairs. Wait at top of stair landing.
Head down the stairs until you reach the bottom, turn right and move past the living room area, wait near the dining table with eight chairs and a chandelier above it.
Turn until you are facing the large marble square in the middle of the room.  Walk towards it, going to the left of the square.  On the left side of the room is an open brown wooden door that is open.  Walk through that door and continue until you reach the hallway that intersects on the right side.  Turn right, and walk through the  red tapestry doorway.  Walk forward towards the large window and turn right looking into a room with 4 grey lounge chairs.  Walk into that room and stop in the area in front of the chairs, where there is an opening after the first grey chair.
Go into the house and go straight past the dining table on the right side. Continue straight through the hallway ahead. Go under the light. Go to the staircase and go up four stairs.
Turn right to walk a short distance down the hallway towards the stairs. Before you get to the stairs turn left into the first room and walk forward into the sitting area, then turn left to walk in the direction of the bedroom. Walk through the doorway into the short passageway. Take the first left to walk into the bathroom. Stop on the circular bath mat facing the taller sink.
Walk straight past the table and chairs. Turn slightly right and walk toward the oven. Wait near the glass door that leads to the patio.
Walk into the cooking area and in between the two counters.  Stop at the end without the grills.
Go down the staircase, then take a sharp left and walk straight. Wait at the entrance to the bedroom.
Walk inside the front door and walk straight down the hall. Walk under two entryways then make a left and wait and wait in the hall.
Go through the kitchen and past the dining room to the alarm control panel near the stair case.
Walk straight ahead approximately 15 steps until you have passed 5 railing posts.  Stop at the end of the railing.
Go passed the foosball table and go straight. Then stop by the whiteboard.
Walk past mannequin. Walk past dining room table. Wait at record player.
Walk through the kitchen through the doorway next to the refrigerator. Take a right past the desk. Go straight and enter the dining room through the second right. Stop once you are on the rug.
Head through the door and make a right turn, then another right turn towards the window and then down the nearby steps only stopping once you've reached halfway down the steps.
Exit the laundry room and make your first right. Next go into the bedroom on the left. Wait in the doorway of the closet.
Walk up the stairs to the top and turn left.  Walk into the living room and wait near the sofa.
walk away from the stairs, through the doorway on your right into the home. Walk to the left of the table back outside and continue straight along the deck. there will be a bedroom on your right, walk slightly right to enter and walk straight through the doorway ahead. Stop once you are in the bathroom.
Turn right, walk across the hallway past the tables into the northernmost doorway and wait there.
Exit the bedroom, go passed the table with china on it, turn left into the doorway, and then turn right, go straight passed the china case and then turn left into the doorway. Step between the bed and the window on the right and stop.
Turn around and go down the stairs behind you. Once you are at the bottom go out the door to your left. Walk to the right and stop while looking into the room with the pink door.
Walk forward through the chairs with the wall on your left. Keep walking straight through the main room and enter the conference room at the end of the hall. Stop  the conference room once you pass the door.
Turn right and enter the bedroom on the right.  Walk though the room and stop outside on the patio. Wait by the chair.
walk further inside the house and up the staircase slightly to  your right, walk through the doorway to the left of the cabinet into the bedroom, turn left and walk towards the bedroom, stop right inside the bathroom doorway.
Go straight and then turn left to exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room. Wait in the hallway.
Walk towards table football game.  Turn left before you reach football game, and walk straight until you reach an office.  Wait here.
Exit the room. Turn left and then left again. Wait there near the bronze chair.
Turn to the left.  Walk by the massage tables.  Go out the door and into the hallway.  You'll stop just before you come to a long sofa, maybe a church pew, in the hallway.  Stop there and wait.
Go between the table and the couch. When you pass a chair on the left side, turn left and go through the doorway and stop.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk right up the stairs and left past the chairs and into the theater. Stop by the couch.
Go up the stairs and walk into the bedroom at the top.  Walk towards the right side of the bed and walk into the closet right next to the night stand on the right side of the bed.  Stop once you enter the closet.
Walk forward and exit the room. Once out, Turn right and walk all the way up the stairs. Once at the top. Walk to the right and stop facing the pink bathroom door.
Walk past the bathroom sinks and out the door. Turn left and walk past the stairs. Turn right and wait in the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk up the stairs into the great room and wait near the dining table.
Go past the pews toward the front of the room.  Go up the stairs and stop next to the pews on the right, with the altar slightly to the left.
Walk through the open door, and take a hard right.  Walk straight past the cubicles until you reach a large meeting room on your right and wait in front of the room.
Walk to the top of the stairs and turn right. Turn left and walk through the double doors. Walk past the chairs and into the bedroom. Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the bathroom and stop.
Walk left down the stairs and turn left past the wooden chair. Stop in front of the steps.
Exit the bedroom and go left in the hallway.  Go past the stairs and turn right into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the first sink and mirror.
Exit the conference room and wait by the receptionist's desk.
Turn around 180 degrees and walk down the steps until you reach the landing. Continue down the steps and stop on the steps halfway down between the landing and the bottom of the stairs.
Turn right and walk up the steps. Turn right and walk along the hallway with a painting to the left. Wait behind the white sofa.
Walk up the stairs and take a left. Walk down the stairs to your left, next to the stairs you just ascended. Turn right and wait next to the pews.
Walk straight on the left side of the bar continue straight through the hallway into the dining room.  Go through the crooked doorway behind the table. Stand in front of the doorway next to the potted plant.
Walk into the barbecue room straight ahead. Take a right after the table and chairs. Walk down the stairs and wait by the pool/.
Walk forward make a left through the doorway. Walk into the room turn left, walk through the door on the left side of the wall, walk forward, turn right stop in the bathroom.
Enter the room and go past the bed. Go out to the hallway and turn left then turn left again and go straight to the bathroom. When you get to the bathroom wait near the sink.
Go through the door to the right of the mirror. Go down the hallway to the room with the white couch. Turn left and stop at the edge of the white couch.
Walk straight and exit the room. Go straight and then go up the stairs on your left. Go up five steps then stop.
Turn all the way around and walk into the house.  Turn left at the first hallway.  Go down the hall.  Turn right and walk on down the hall.  When you get to the next place to turn, turn left and enter the kitchen.  Stand by the very first edge of the counter and wait.
Go forward through the large entryway, passed the pillars and stop near the living room and plant.
Go up the first flight of stairs and take a left. Go into the bedroom with the blue doorway. Stop at the top of the stairs in the bedroom while standing next to the fireplace.
Turn right and walk along the table and exit out the doorway at the other end. Cross over the wood hallway and enter the white and black floored hallway. Stop once you are in the hallway facing the other end.
Go towards the couches, then turn to pass in front of the stairway and go down the hall, and turn right at the first opening.  Go through the opening and stop.
With the slatted wall on your right walk forward into the sauna. In the sauna take a left and stop in front of the middle fountain.
Walk with the scuba diver art on your left. Go down the stairs and stop as soon as you get off the stairs.
Walk down the stairs to the landing and up the next set of stairs across from you. Make a right to the door past the vase.
Turn right and wait in the doorway next to the blue couch.
Walk to the right of the pews and over the steps. Stop in front of the three wooden chairs. .
go straight down the hallway and turn to the right and then back to the left.  Go down the hall a step or two and then turn right.  You'll go into a room that has a redish pink couch in it.  Stop in front of it and wait.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk past the dining room chair and turn left and walk into the living room. Stop behind the black couch.
Cross the dining area opposite the wine case and go up the stairs and left into the archway, make a right and stop between the laundry room and the bathroom.
Walk through the foyer, past the statues and stop near the painting.
Walk into the front entry of the home and continue past the stairwell and front door. Turn the corner and walk underneath the stairwell into the hallway. Continue down the hall Passed the open entryway and towards the dining area straight ahead.
Walk past the doorway and into the long corridor. Walk past the french doors and the wine room. The dining room is on the right. Stop in the archway to the dining room.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go past the stairs on the right. Turn right and wait near the table and chairs with the white flowers.
Turn around from the toilet and take a right out of the door. Walk straight until you reach the first doorway on the right and then move to the hallway beyond it.
Turn around and continue down the hall. Turn in to the left and stop near the tables.
Walk straight around table. Turn right at wall and walk towards cart , Turn right at cart and walk towards glass door. Stop at glass door.
Walk down the hall and stop at the grey circle room.
walk around the bed toward the vanity area, and wait.
Walk to the right of the steps and down the hallway. Stop in the bedroom at the end of the hallway.
Step down the two steps and continue forward. Head out into the patio.  Stop near the brown chair.
With the green exit sign behind you and the wall to your right, start going forward. When you see another green exit sign above a door towards your left, head towards it. After you pass a desk, you'll see a conversational nook in the corner towards your right with four chairs. Go there and wait.
Keep walking forward passing all the machines on the left and right towards the door that is in front. Stop there.
Exit the room and enter the room straight across the hall. Wait next to desk.
Walk into the room to the left of the dress painting. Around the side table. Take a left at the fireplace. Go past the bookcase and take a left. Go into the bathroom to your right.
Walk through the room with the figure of a person and arch chairs. Walk passed the piano and through the door on the opposite side of the dining table passed the fireplace.
Walk out of the bathroom and cross to the room on the right. Walk left past the chairs into the the hallway. Stop in the doorway.
Go through the arch way and walk the length of the lanai past the table through the second archway. Turn right into the bedroom and stop at the foot of the bed.
Orient yourself so the door with the green "exit" sign above it, is to your left. Then walk forward down the hallway. Continue past the lockers to your left and then past a set of double doors to your right. Stop just prior to reaching a glass block window on your left.
Walk into the church and go down the central aisle. Walk all the way down the central aisle and wait at the end of the aisle.
Walk into the bedroom and go to the other side of the bed and turn left.  Exit out the door to the right side of the bed and stop once you exit.
Walk around the couch toward the stairs. Walk past the stairs into the hallway and into the first door on the right. Walk past the washer and dryer and stop in the doorway.
Walk through the hallway, into the room and wait near the mini refrigerator.
Go down the path to the left of the grass until you reach the big doorway. Go inside and continue going straight until you reach the white couch.
Enter the room with the rectangular dining table.  Exit the room through the sliding glass door.  Wait beside statue of skateboarder.
Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk forward, then take the first right. Enter the room and stop right in front of the door.
Go straight and then turn left and go straight past the double doors. Wait there.
Follow the emergency exit sign until you arrive at the first pillar. Stop at the first pillar.
TURN AROUND SO THAT THE STAIRS ARE BEHIND YOU AND A HALLWAY IS IN FRONT, WALK TO THE END OF THE HALLWAY UNTIL YOU COME TO THE TOP OF ANOTHER STAIRCASE, WALK TO THE TOP STEP.
Walk through the bedroom and out in the dining room area. Stand by the patio doors next to dining room table.
Exit the room. Turn left and go past the red curtain. Turn right and go into the room. Walk straight until you get into a room with blue walls. Wait there.
Enter the bigger room and stand underneath the ceiling fan.  With the big bookcase to your right, exit the room and walk through the door to the left, past the black and white painting and onto darker flooring.  Walk straight until there is a staircase on your left.  Go up the stairs and stop on the fourth step from the bottom.
Turn around and walk straight down the hall. Continue to walk straight past the front doors and the dresser. Walk through the doorway and wait by the light.
Turn to the left and follow the hallway passed the closed door and the open door. Turn left again when you get to the wooden floored hallway. Go passed the table with the photos on it in the hall and your destination will be in the doorway to the right.
Walk to the left towards the clock on the wall. Stop to the left of the cage at the start of the hallway.
Exit living room and head down stairs on the right.  Wait by the double doors at the bottom of the stairs.
Head through the entryway, walk past the dining room/ living room, go outside through the double doors, and wait on the patio.
Walk all the way up the stairs, at the top, turn left. Wait at the entrance of the bedroom.
Move slightly to the left to walk down the long hallway that borders the stairs. Continue to walk down this hallway in the direction of the sitting area that is behind the double doors at the end of the hallway (You can see a large TV in this room). Right before you reach that room with the TV there is a short hallway that opens to your left. Turn left towards this hallway and then enter the room that is to the left. It is a bedroom. Stop as soon as you enter this bedroom and are facing an intercom. the bed is further in the room and to your right.
Exit the room and U turn left. Go straight down the hallway and into the round door. Wait by the white table.
Leave the fitness room. Enter the office and head down the stairs. Stop on the third stair.
Turn left and move forward and up the first two stairs on the side of the staircase. Now turn slightly left and walk down the stairs towards the row of three chairs in front of you and wait there by the ropes.
Walk past the Christmas tree into the hallway. Walk down the hall and stop by the bathroom.
Go straight down the hall and stop at the bottom of the stairs on the right.
Face the garage door and leave through the door to the left of them.  When you are inside the building and are standing directly underneath the light hanging from the ceiling, turn right and enter the bathroom.  Stop in front of the sink and mirror.
Go out of the house onto the patio. Take a left and go straight. Stop next to the first chair at the table.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hall way and into the living room. Stop behind the couch and the round white table to the right of it.
From stairs turn left into sitting room, walk across room and exit near desk into adjacent room. Stop at sink.
Walk straight past the tv and the chairs on the right. Continue straight until you get to bird cage and a clock on the wall. Wait around there.
Exit the bathroom and turn to the left.  Take another left turn and walk until you reach the stairs.  Walk left again and continue walking past the stairs.  Walk inside the bedroom door  in front of you and stop before reaching the chair.
Follow the hall left and stop in front of the stairs.
Exit the bedroom, make a left into the living room, take a step onto the rug and then stop.
Turn left and then turn into the meeting room that is on the right and wait there.
From the balcony facing the bed walk into the room and pass the bed on your right walk out of the door and into the hallway taking a left and then a right at the end of the hallway and enter the room with the two chairs and the counter and stop at the top of the three stairs.
Leave the bedroom and take a left. Go past the stairs and take a left into the TV room. Past the TV room go into the hallway and take a right into the bedroom.
Exit the bathroom them turn right and enter the room next door. Turn right and pass the round table and chairs to go into the door on the right. Wait at the entrance.
Go to the top of the stairs and out the door in the same direction. Once through the door turn right and stand at the top of the stairs going to the basement.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk down the all and into the bedroom. Turn right and stop in front of the chair.
Exit room heading outside then make a right and wait at bedroom entrance.
Turn and go to the staircase. Go straight through the large entryway.
walk down the staircase, turn left and walk down all of the stairs. At the bottom, turn right and walk through the doorway on the right and stop facing the bed.
Go to the right of the game table, make a right and go straight, go into the doorway to the right of the doorway and stop.
Enter the room. Turn left and go past the couches turn right and go into the large room. Go up three steps of the stairs then stop.
Walk down the hall heading out of the living room. Enter the bedroom that is the last door on the left. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk down the hall by the wood paneling. Stop by the end of the paneling.
Go to the end of the kitchen island and turn left.  Walk past the column and wait near the table.
Walk straight head along the black railing. When you are almost at the end,  turn left and head down the stairs. Stop after you step down a couple stairs.
Travel down the stairs, go past the dining table, and take a left into the kitchen. Stop next to the countertop.
Go straight past the kitchen and dining room area go up the steps on the right. Turn left and then turn right. Wait there.
Go up the steps and walk straight until you get to yellow couches. Walk past the yellow couches and go outside. Wait there.
Go past the table. Go up the stairs. Turn right. Turn right again. Stop in front of sink.
Turn left ninety degrees.  There is a window in front of you.  Walk towards the window.  When you get to the window, turn left ninety degrees.  Walk towards the white dresser until there is a doorway on your right.  Turn ninety degrees right.  Walk through the doorway.  Once you are through the doorway, turn ninety degrees to your right.  Walk outside over the wood deck until you reach the concrete driveway.  You should be facing a fence, and there is a garage to your right.
Move towards the front door. Go up the stairs that are opposite the front door. Stop at the top of the staircase.
Move forward and walk up the stairs, Turn right and wait at statue.
Stand so the picture of the plane is on your right and walk straight down the hallway.  Enter the last doorway on the left at the end of the hallway and stop after stepping into the room with the red bed.
go forward and walk through the kitchen, turn left, then right, go to the room on the left than stop near the 4 chairs.
Exit the kitchen through the doorway to the left of the stove. Go right through doorway and enter room with bed. Stop in front of bed.
Go out the kitchen using the opening on the left then turn right and head toward the stairs and wait there.
Go out to the wood floored hallway and go past the window seat towards the staircase with all the children's paintings.
Walk to the top of the steps and turn left. Walk down the steps and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk past the washer and dryer and walk up the steps and turn left. Stop at second step from the top.
walk between the dresser and glass table, turn slight right after the table and continue straight down a hallway passing a table on your left. Continue straight past a dining table, on the right side of the pillar, stop right as you reach the rug.
Turn left and enter the house.  Walk past the dining room table into the hallway and then walk up the stairs on your right. Stop on the last stair before the first landing.
Walk down stairs, turn right into dining room, turn left and walk into sitting room, stop behind brown leather couch.
Go inside then turn left. Walk toward the kitchen. Wait near the oven on the left.
Go straight to exit the room then keep on going straight until you pass the stairs then turn left and go up four steps the stop.
Walk up to the house and go into the house using the front door then stop by the entrance.
Exit the sauna, go left through hallway, make a left and straight and wait at the plant.
Walk down the hallway going towards the stairs. At the stairs take a left and go into the bedroom at the end of the hallway.  Stop before you get to the window.
Go straight until you get to a large bedroom then stop by the bed.
Walk down the stairs and turn right. Walk to the right side of the round table and turn right into the dining room. Turn left and walk into the next room. Stop inside the room, in between the couch and red chair.
Enter the house, take a right into the bedroom, take a left past the bed until you a walk-in closet on your far left with a lamp near the door, enter that walk-in closet and wait near the shelf in the middle of the room.
Go straight until you pass the stairs and the table with chairs then go into the room on the right by going through the large arch and wait by the other table and chairs.
Go straight down the hallway and stop before going outside.
Turn left and move straight down the hall. Stop just around the bend with the window to your right and the painted wall to your left.
Walk down the stairs.  Turn left and enter the first room.  Stop in the entryway.
walk down the hallway directly across from the bathroom sink, continue straight through the large foyer and through the archway, stop in between the first two stripes of black tile.
Leave lounge chair area and then turn left. Walk through the door with curtain and turn right. walk through arched door into the bath area then go to the washing area to the left with the blue wall.
go straight towards the front door then make a sharp left and go up the stairs.
Exit the bedroom, turn left and enter the bathroom.  Wait near the sink.
Leave the living room and go down the hallway. Enter the bathroom through the first door on your right. Stop in front of the sink.
go out of the sauna then take a sharp left and go down all the way down the hall. Go through the door at the end of the hall and stand right inside the door next to the white table.
Move out of the cubicles and over to the foosball table.
Walk into the kitchen from the dining room. Take a right and exit in the dining area. Stop next to the bar stool on the left.
Take a slight right exiting the dining area. Take a sharp right and walk down the corridor. Stop at the first door.
Turn around and go down the stairs. Turn left and stop by the yellow furniture.
walk away from the chair and through the doorway on the left side of the bed, turn right and walk down the stairs, turn left and walk halfway down the next set of stairs and stop.
Exit the sitting area and stop at the end of the hallway by the painting.
Walk forward until you pass the mirror on the right, take a right. Walk forward all the way down the hall. Exit the hall. Walk forward until you come to the middle of the rug. Turn left then walk forward past the display case on your left. Turn to your right, stop and wait.
Exit bedroom, go down the hallway, stop at the doorway at the end of the hall.
Walk past the bed and through the door, make a right turn and continue straight until you're inside the bathroom. Stop once near the baby.
Walk forward into the room ahead and turn right. Walk across the room past the think pods and then past the 2 blue and grey chairs. Stop in front of the first door to the conference room on the right.
Go into the room on the left. Go straight into the double white doors. Turn right and go up the stairs. Go up about five steps then stop.
Turn around and walk towards the front door. Enter the laundry room and stop in front of the sink.
Walk up the stairs and into the open room. Continue to the table.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and then left again at the wood wall. Walk forward and then turn right and enter the curtains. Walk forward and turn into the last door on the right. Stop when you reach the foot of the first chair.
Walk past the Foosball table and take a right. take a left past the Thinkpods. Enter the second conference room.Stop behind the second chair from the left.
Walk forward to the living room and take a right at the last right. In the hall take the first right and go forward into the bathroom. Stop in the bathroom doorway.
Walk straight then turn right. Go up the stairs on the right. Wait three steps to the top.
Exit living room to hallway and turn right to bedroom. Stop at bed.
Exit sitting room and walk straight towards the staircase. Go up the staircase and turn left where the stairs split.   At the top of the stairs walk towards the bedroom on the right. Stop in the doorway.
Turn left and walk down the hall. Then turn left and walk down the hall and enter the kitchen on the right.  Wait near the sink.
Turn around and pass the dartboard. Pass the table and turn right at the painting. Then enter the hall and turn right, then stop.
Walk across the kitchen and exit through the doorway to the left of the stove.  Walk into the dining room, and make a left.  Walk to the doorway in front of you and to your left.  It is all the way across the room from the piano.  Stop in that doorway.
Walk to other side of the garage and into the door to the left of the large garage doors. Once inside walk forward to the end and then turn right. Stop in the doorway of the empty room.
Walk up the stairs to the blacktop and walk all the way across.  Turn right and step onto the deck.  Walk to the front door and walk into the building then stop.
Turn around and walk to the living room. Turn hard right into the kitchen. Stop at the doorway by the oven.
With the pool to your right, move forward for the width of twelve tiles. Then turn ninety degrees to the left and enter the building through the sliding glass doors. Go between the back of the couch and the dining table, then move forward though an opening. Just before reaching the black door ahead, turn left and stand in the doorway of the bathroom.
Exit the garage, turn left, and stop in the foyer.
Go down the stairs on the left. Wait two steps to the bottom.
Turn right and walk down the hall.  Enter the massage room.
Walk straight back into the dining room and make a slight left into the kitchen. Make a right and exit the door that goes to a stairway. Wait in the doorway of the stairway.
Go straight and continue down the hall. At the end go right and turn right and then take an immediate left and enter the bathroom.
Walk past kitchen. Walk past dart board. Walk past grill. Walk down stairs. Wait at concrete planter box.
Turn right and walk up the stairs into the outdoor cooking area. Turn right and enter the house to the left of the table. Walk straight across and stop when you reach the glass table with blue chairs.
Go in the door on the left and go to the stairs. Stop on the first landing.
Stand so the table with the mirror is behind you and walk straight into the room ahead of you.  Walk around the bed and outside through the doorway through the foot.  Walk left along the patio until you reach the first chair of the dining table in front of the pool and then stop.
Walk through the hallway with the bullet art on the right. Make a right at the end of the hallway and walk towards the staircase. Walk up 6 stiars.
Turn around and walk down the hall. Enter the kitchen across the way and pass the lamp. Stop in front of the bed.
Walk to bedroom entrance and turn left and then sharp right.  Walk to the entrance of the next bedroom.
Go straight passing the kitchen when you get to the table with the chairs. Turn left and go straight. Walk straight until you pass another table and chairs and then o into another room. Wait near the couches.
Walk straight through the entryway, go left toward the bedroom, and stop just through the doorway.
With the bed on your right walk straight and out of the room into the hallway and take a right in the hall and a left into the dining room walking past the dining room table into the bedroom stopping just on the inside of the room in the doorway.
Turn around and exit out the curtains. Once out turn right and enter the wood door. Once inside the room, turn left and walk over into the first small area to your left and stop in front of the wall with blue tiles.
Walk around the table, pass the stairs, and through the doorway.
Turn around, walk along the railing, go down the stairs, make a hard right, and wait by the table.
Walk on an adjacent angle to the open arched doorway, next to the covered icon display.
Turn to the right to walk around the end of the blue couch. Walk past the fireplace. Walk forward past the first column. Turn to enter the doorway on the right. Stop just inside the dining room.
Leave the living room and make a right in the dining room. Then make a left to go down the stairs and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn around and go through the doorway near the table. Stop next to the bed.
Walk straight outside, going outside towards the pool, but remain on the concrete next to the grass.  Keep walking until you head the second open doorway, the one farthest from where you started.  Then, turn left and walk through the door in to a bedroom with a large grey carpet on the hardwood.  Walk into the room and stop on the hardwood when you get to the corner of the grey carpet closest to the door.
Exit the doorway you are in and then turn left. Walk straight through the kitchen and enter the doorway across the room. Stop on the carpet at the bottom of the steps.
Exit bathroom.  Turn right, and walk towards blue zebra print chair on floor.  Turn left at blue zebra print chair.  Enter room.  Wait here.
Walk out of the closet and into the bathroom. Take a right after the sink and wait on the carpet.
Walk forward and continue up the stairs. Once at the top, keep walking straight and then turn left to enter the kitchen. Stop once you are past all the cabinets and are facing the fireplace and the doors leading outside.
Turn right, walk through the entryway, turn left, walk up the stairs, and wait at the top of the stairs.
Go straight. Pass the bench on the left then turn left. Go straight until you get to a strange fountain/sink on the left and stop.
Go down the stairs turn left at the landing and continue down the stairs to the bottom.Turn right and enter the bedroom . Wait in the doorway.
From the bathroom doorway, walk towards the staircase. Go up the stairs. Whey you reach the landing, turn right and continue to go up the stairs. When you reach the next landing turn right and walk to the top of the stairs and into the kitchen.
Exit through black bedroom door.  Turn left and walk straight past the stairway.  Enter the first door on the right.  Wait near sink.
Go straight and pass the table and chairs then turn right. Pass the table and chairs then turn left and go outside. Go straight into the room ahead and wait there near the entrance.
Exit laundry room and turn left. Next turn right and walk down the hallway beside the long painting. Stop at the end of the painting.
Follow the corridor and enter the dining room. Go around the dining room table and go through the oddly angled archway. Stand at the entrance to the tv room and wait.
Walk down the hallway along the stairs. Stop next to the painting on your left.
Head through the open door in front of you, hanging a slight right and moving straight in front of the marbled table. Turn right and head through the open passageway that's on the left of the thermostat, moving down the black steps. Turn left and head down the hallway until you reach the open door. Hang a right, enter the room, waiting about halfway between the distance from doorway you passed through to the light switch.
Go down the hallway until you get to a round door. Go into that room, pass the white table and head straight toward the room with the blue walls and sinks, then wait there.
Walk towards the bed and then through the double doors on the left. Go down the stairs and wait at the bottom.
Go up the stairs all the way, then stop just inside of the doorway while you face the table.
Go out the second door on your left then turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the toilet.
Go up the steps and down the hallway on the left. Wait in the sitting room at the end of the hall.
Go through the door by the phone. Turn right and go to the end of the hallway. Enter the room on the left, across from the window. Stop at the table with two pink chairs.
Walk down the stairs, turn hard right and wait by dining table.
Walk past the wing chairs on the right. Walk through the open bedroom doors. Wait under the pendant light hanging from the ceiling.
Walk past the think pod and turn left before the conference room.  Walk past the blue and grey chairs the turn right and enter the conference room. Wait near the table.
Walk and pass the dining table, and turn right at the corner. Walk and pass the big mirror that is placed on the left side of the wall, and stop right in front of the sofa in the living room.
Turn right and walk along side the edge of the pool. Stop once you reach the end of the wood table to your right.
Turn right and walk onto the white floor. Make a left and walk past the aqua chairs. Walk to the floor are between the yellow and aqua floor paint.
Walk past the statues and through the entryway to the left of the front door. Stop just inside the bathroom.
Go into the hallway, turn left and wait in the hall.
Walk toward the white love seat and turn right. Turn left at the wooden table and chairs and past the end table. Walk into the hallway and stop in the bathroom doorway.
Enter the bedroom, turn right and then exit the bedroom, turn left, take a few steps down the stairs and stop.
Walk straight past the couches on the left. After you pass the couches turn left and continue straight until you see an opening to a hallway on the right. Go into the hallway, pass the mirror on the right and then turn right. Wait there.
Walk forward towards the dog portraits, take a right and enter the kitchen, take another right until you reach the sink.
Walk down the stairs.  Once you are at the bottom turn right and walk across the foyer towards the seating area.  Walk to the right of the sofa table and stop when you are standing between the living room chair, and the end table with the lamp on it.
Walk across bedroom into hall turn right and enter bedroom and stop at bed.
Walk up the stairs and turn right at the top. Walk past the side table on the left and wait about halfway down the hall.
Walk through open french door. Walk past mirrors. Walk through open french doors. Walk past porcelain horse head. Wait at bathroom door threshold.
Leave the room. Go up the stairs to the second landing. Stop on the second landing.
turn right and go down the hallway and then stop right by the double doors about 3/4 downs the hallway.
Go to the right and turn left by the pillar. Take the next right and go between the pews until you reach the tile floor.
Walk out of the kitchen on the right side. Go into the living room, and stop in front of the two round end tables.
Exit the room using the door on the left then turn left and go up the three steps. Wait there.
Walk down the center aisle and stop between the front pews.
With the city to the right side, walk along the balcony and take the first left into the room with a really long table. take right towards the first open door stopping just before the egg chair.
Turn right and walk through the living room past the fireplace. Stand at the top of the stairs.
Position yourself so that the wine rack is behind you and the glass table and chairs is in front of you.  Start walking around the table and up the stairs and go through the door on the left.  After passing through the doorway, walk right and stop in between two doors opposite each other.  The door on the left is a bathroom and the door on the right is a laundry room.
Walk out of the bathroom. Turn right in the bedroom and walk towards the door. Exit the bedroom and turn left, walking past the side table. Walk through the double doors on the right and wait near the white padded chair.
Go inside the building, walk through the sitting area, walk up the two steps and wait.
Walk through the dining area and take a left. Walk through the kitchen and go out onto the patio . Stop in the second diamond tile on the patio.
Walk past the two pink chairs, and take a through the door in the middle. Take the first right into the bedroom  Stop once you enter the room.
Leave the bedroom and take a left going down a long hallway. Once you are past the balcony enter the bedroom that is first on your left and stop in the doorway.
Turn left at the locker and move forward. Walk past the blue ceiling fixture and towards the round desks with the lemonade.  Stop on the grey tiles.
Walk away from the mirror and turn right through the hallway. Continue into bedroom. Stop after entering the room before the bed.
Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Walk forward in the direction of the windows ahead. Stop in front of the first window.
Go through the doorway and out into the hallway, take a hard left and go down the hallway, turn left through the next doorway and wait by the nightstand.
Walk past the vase next to the rail. Turn left and walk down the steps. Stop on the third step from the bottom.
Leave the bathroom and go through the door on the left.  After passing through the blue doorway, turn right and go down the stairs.  Stop on the third step down.
Go forward, turn left at stairs. Go down stairs. Stop at door on the left.
Exit the closet. Exit the bedroom. Start up the stairs. Stop about five steps from the top.
Walk down the stairs. Make a right turn, walking to the fluffy white chair.
Exit the house using the glass sliding doors on the right. Turn right and walk all the way down until you get to steps. Go down the steps then turn left and wait near the pool.
Exit the bathroom. Stop next to the mirror with the white flowers on the ground in front of it.
Go down the stairs, take a left, then take a right through the laundry room, stopping in the doorway to the garage.
Go into the building and under a chanelier, past some columns towards the seating area.  Before reaching the seating area, turn right after the first set of columns, and wait.
After you leave the laundry room walk past the stairs and make a left in the hall. Walk down the hall to the doorway of the dinning room and wait just inside.
Go down the stairs. Bear to the right and go to the doorway to the right of the stairs.  Stop in the center of the double doors and wait.
Walk down the hall past the open entryways on either side and continue through the arched entry ahead. Pass the ceiling lamp and artwork on the walls. Continue past the stairwell and down the hall through the arched open door at the end.
Exit the bedroom and walk straight across the hall to the bathroom. Wait in the bathroom.
Go around the altar and go stop at the red platform, in between the two sets of steps.
Walk indoors and walk towards the couch. Walk towards the stove in the kitchen. Stop in front of the door to the right of the stove.
Exit the room and turn right. Go straight down the hallway until you get to a room that has a large table and a chandelier. Wait in that hallway before you go into the room.
Walk straight down the hallway. Wait at the top of the stairs by the paintings.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk straight across the room and turn left at the double doors. Stop in the doorway.
Exit bathroom, turn right, go between the statues in the room and then up the stairs a few steps shy of the first level and stop.
Go up all the stairs and at the top you will reach a table and chairs.  Walk straight towards the front door and stop on the mat next to the white flowers.
Turn right and exit the room via the left doorway. Walk along the bed and turn left. Enter the closet and wait there.
Exit the room and walk past the stairs. Wait in the room that's next to the stairs.
Walk up the steps and turn left. Move forward and turn right to enter the house at the second open doorway. Wait at the entryway to the living room between the black partitions.
Walk in between the pews, past the columns, stopping in front of the stanchions.
Exit the closet, turn right and walk past the washer and dryer and through the door. Go past the stairs straight and stop at the wall.
Turn around and face the black and white painting on the wall and walk towards it. Turn right and take a few more steps until you arrive by the bed in the bedroom.
Move forward throught the doorway. Next turn right and walk all the way up the stairs. Step onto the second floor and wait there just at the top of the stairway.
Leave the TV room and enter the room straight ahead through the double doors. Stop at the foot of the stairs.
Finish going down the stairs then turn right. Go through the kitchen and into the dining room. Wait near the table with the four chairs.
Walk towards the curved iron railing. Walk past it, and stand by the straight part of the railing.
Leave the bedroom and enter the main room on the right. Walk straight ahead into the kitchen area. Stop before you reach the counter.
Turn right. Walk past the dark brown table and white shelf. Stop in front of the wall.
Walk around the blue chairs to your right, past the Thinkpods on your left. Make a left past the Foosball table and wait in the kitchen.
Turn around and exit the area via the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs by the large painting on the wall.
Exit through the door on the left then turn right and then right again to go into the room next door. Wait near the TV.
Go up all the stairs to the top.  Go into the bathroom at the top and stop when you step inside.
Enter the bedroom the right. Walk through the bedroom and wait outside on the balcony.
Walk around the pool and stop by the plant closest to the stairs.
Exit dinning room and walk toward the living room.
Turn around and face the hallway. Go to the end of the hallway and turn left toward the kitchen. Enter the doorway to your left and you are in the kitchen/dining room.
Go down the stairs and take a left. Take the left at the bottom of the stairs. Stop next to the closet door on the left.
Go down the hall with the wall of flowers to your left, make a slight left then keep going straight until you get to some light switches, then wait.
Exit the room and turn right then go into the bathroom. It is the second door from the left and wait by the sink.
Walk towards white shelf. Continue walking forward towards yellow chair. Stop at yellow chair.
Walk forward and enter the room. Once inside, turn right and enter the door. Once you enter, turn right and walk until you reach the wall and turn left. As soon as you turn left, turn right and stop once you are facing another hallway.
walk forward exit the room then turn left, walk again then turn right enter the bathroom.
Walk in between the chairs towards the painting of a woman using lipstick. Before you reach the painting turn left and walk down hallway. Wait by the aqua colored stool on the floor.
Walk straight until you pass a sink on the right. Continue walking straight until you get to a bedroom. Turn right and exit the room. Wait there.
Exit the room through the door on the left, then turn left towards the staircase. Walk all the way up the stairs. Enter the room at the top of the stairs, then stop there.
Go down the white tiled hallway. Continue until you reach a door at the end of the hall. Stop at the door.
Climb the stairs and turn right at the top. Turn left through the opening on your left that's just past the heating grate on the floor next to the wall.
Go straight through the kitchen. Turn right and continue go past the kitchen. Wait near the desk with the phone.
go walk behind the sofa in front of the table.
Walk past the chair on the right and turn left to walk up the stairs. Wait at the top of the first landing.
Go left out the toilet room and then go right out of the bathroom.  Go right into the living room, and then go left toward the double doors.  Go left into the next room and stop there.
Exit the bathroom toward the room. Turn right and go out the door on the right. Turn left and then stop near the top of the stairs.
Walk through the doorway directly left of the black stove, Turn left at the doorway, and proceed to your next doorway on the left hand side. Walk direcly in the bathroom to your left, and stop in front of the toilet.
Exit the room then turn right and wait at the top of the stairs.
Turn left and enter the closet. Walk out of the closet and enter the theater. Wait there.
Continue up the stairs into the dining room. Go forward in the dining room, and take a left past the counter on your left. Walk into the living room and stop behind the first chair on your left.
Walk up the stairs and walk into the open door at the top into the bedroom.  Stop after stepping into the bedroom.
Exit the bedroom and go down the hall. Walk past the dining table and wait in the doorway on the left.
Walk down the hallway with the slatted wood wall and stop next to the sauna.
Go inside. Go up the first steps on the left. Walk through the kitchen. Stop next to the black and white rug with the yellow furniture on top of it.
Walk forward towards the stairs. Go down the stairs and stop at the stair that is fourth from the bottom.
Go up the stairs, turn right, continue, and stand in the doorway to go outside.
Exit the room and walk to the right. Pass the stairs and turn right. Enter the bedroom and wait by the doorway.
Walk to the large picture window. Stop between the two white couches.
Walk straight until you pass the stairs on the right. Continue straight into the room. Wait there.
Walk towards the bedroom area, then turn right where there are two doors opened. Turn slightly left to walk down the stairs. Then wait once at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait next to the bed.
Go through the double doors and up the stairs. Wait on the landing in front of the bathroom door.
Go straight past the red couch and down the stairs. Wait about four steps from the bottom.
To left towards the rail when you get to about two feet from the rail, turn to the right and make a straight line to the fourth column from the end and stop.
Turn around and go through the large entryway behind the large table with chairs. Once you enter the house walk to the left past the kitchen and then turn right. Turn left and stop facing down the hallway.
Walk straight with the pool on your right and the table on your left, once you pass the table walk slightly left through the doorway towards a small table. Turn left and walk through the doorway inside. Walk to the right side of the bed passing the chair and enter the bathroom on the right. Stop in front of the sink on the right.
Go around the black chairs, go up the stairs, make a left and then a right into the hallway, step between the laundry room and the bathroom and stop.
Walk across the hallway past the stairs and through the doorway. Wait inside the bedroom.
Exit the room. Turn left. Pass the white couch on the left and wait near the black chair on the left.
Turn left and walk across the kitchen area. Walk past the table on the right and then turn left. Stop facing the black door leading outside.
Leave the room and turn left and turn left again.  Walk down the hallway and go through the red doorway.  Turn right at the window and enter the room with the beds.  Step in front of the window, in between the first and second beds.
Enter the bedroom and then enter the bathroom. Wait in the closet on the left.
Turn around and walk into the bar area. Walk through to the other side and exit out the door on the right. Once out, left and walk down the hallway. Once the room opens up, stop beside the table.
Turn left and walk across the room to the hallways. Turn right and walk down the hall, stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk out of the room and take a right. In the hallway take the first right and stop next to the wall sconce.
Go through the door to the bedroom, and turn and walk to the right of the bed. Turn the corner and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk out room. Walk through butler's pantry. Wait at cooktop.
Turn around and go down the hallway. Stop right before you get to the next large room.
Walk into the kitchen and turn left when you get to the first counter, passing by the big stainless steel refrigerator doors.  Turn right at the end of the counter and stop behind the four bar stools.
Exit the closet and then exit the bedroom. Turn right and then go the left around the corner. Go into the bathroom and stop in front of the vanity sink.
Go through the leftside door and go straight down the hall. Turn left, go passed the table and stop in front of the wash basin.
Exit the bathroom, make a right and go straight down the hallway, make a right towards the front door, go up the stairs and take six steps up the staircase and stop.
Walk outside past the fireplace to the pool.  Walk past the pool and enter the last room before the stairs.  Walk toward the bed and stop when you step on the carpet.
Turn left, walk past the foot of the bed.  Go out of the doorway and down the hall.  You'll enter a dining room. Go past the table and chairs and to the right.  You will wait right by the doors to various rooms.
Walk up the stairs. Go into the dining room at the top of the stairs and take a right. Stop in front of the two small tables on the rug in the living room.
Walk to the right of the counter into the room on the right. Turn left and walk past the table and to the right.  Continue through the doors until you are at the door with handles.
Walk straight and go into the second room on the left. Turn right and go out the door on the right. Wait there.
walk down hallway with large painting on your right, walk to the end of the hallway and turn right and stop.
Could you walk over to the bathroom that is across from the botanical print on the wall near the back door?.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Veer left, and take a left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink on the left.
Go to the second blue chair. Go to the farthest white cubicle. Stand in front of the shelves.
Go straight past the sink, and turn right into the doorway. Stop after passing the entryway.
Turn around and exit out the door to the right. Turn left and enter the curtains. Walk to the other side and enter the door on the right and stop.
Walk through the open door into the living room ahead with tiled floor. immidiately turn the corner to the left after entering the room. Follow along the wall into the bedroom in through the open double wooden doors ahead. Walk through the bedroom and through the door to the outdoor patio.
Turn to your right and exit. Once you are out, turn left and walk to the end of the hallway. At the end of the hallway turn right and walk straight forward. Stop once you enter the room straight ahead.
Turn around and walk down the hall and wait at the stair landing.
Turn around and walk forward. Then turn in the 2nd room on your right. Once in the room turn left and exit out to the patio area. Once outside turn right and at the bar in front of the grill overlooking the pool.
Walk forward into the living room. Take a right heading to the oval dining table. Stop next to the chairs at the right end of the table.
Exit sauna and walk down hallway to the right of open door. Enter wooden arched door and stop at giant white island.
Walk across the room past the statues and stop in front of the painting.
Walk forward towards the counter and sink and take a right. Walk forward pas the sink on the left and walk into the living room. In the living room stop with the dark rug and gray couch on your left.
Walk through the blue doorway and into the room with the stairs.  Go down the stairs to the right of the painting and go all the way down.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk down the hallway, to the right of the mens room. Stop as soon as you reach the blue tiled wall.
Walk forward with the painting on your right, and take a left at the stairs. Go up the stairs and walk down the hallway and into the room at the end. Stop in the room once you are past the doorway.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn right and walk all the way to the end of the hallway. At the end, turn right and walk up the couple steps and stop at the top.
Exit the room. Go into the second door on the left. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the toilet.
Walk around the bed and walk up the two steps.  Wait next to the concrete column.
Walk towards the counter with the tic-tac-toe board and turn right. Walk through the doorway to the bedroom on the left side. Step into the entrance to the closet.
Exit the garage and go into the house. Walk past the bathroom and stop at the end of the hall, in the first bedroom.
Walk into the house to the other side of the bedroom and take a right. Stop beside the double doors.
Turn right and head outside through the open door. Pass the pool and continue to the other side. Stop once the marble wall is on your right.
Walk across hall to stairway, turn right and follow hallway straight to stair way. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn left at the end of the stairs and go straight through the room through the door to the left of the statue.  After stepping through this doorway, go right and stop in front of the bike.
Walk to the end of the hallway and enter the last bedroom on the right. Wait in the hallway leading to the bathroom.
Walk slightly to the right and then straight a bit before taking a hard right and stopping near the painting.
Exit the office and turn left, then proceed into the hallway area. Then turn right an walk into the living room. Stop near a chair.
Walk past the left statue, and the sitting area. Enter the living room through the door on the left. Walk behind the couch, in front of the double doors. walk to the window at the end of the room. Stop in front of the curtain.
Go left until you hit a wall then go left until there's a doorway on your right. Wait outside the room entrance.
Walk around the bed and into the bathroom. Stop by the tub.
Exit the bathroom and the bedroom. Stop in the hallway outside the bedroom.
Turn towards the left and walk forward past the wood table with 4 chairs. Continuing forward until you are even with the second cabinet on the right with the two handles, stop here and wait.
Walk into the bedroom and out into the hallway. Take a left in the hallway and go down the stairs. Stop on the third step from the top.
Walk straight down pathway along side swimming pool. stop at top of stairs.
Walk passed the metal sculpture on the podium into the living room area. Walk around the couches then along the glass wall towards the metal globes on the shelf.
Exit the bathroom and turn left then continue down the hallway. Stop right by the stairs on the right that go up.
Walk down the stairs and wait at the landing.
Walk inside all the way straight passing the brown blinds on the right. Walk towards the two white visible walls on the sides, and stand in the middle, and stop there.
Go up the stairs and turn to the right.  Go left when you get to the first available doorway.  Turn to the right and walk past the bed and nightstand.  Go into the next room, a bathroom, and stop right there and wait.
Walk past the yellow love seat, up the stairs, and past the kitchen island. Walk past the table and chairs to the next small hallway before you get to the black sectional sofa.
WALK THROUGH THE GARAGE ACROSS THE FLOOR RUG. Walk into the open door into the house. Walk through the room with the washing machines and into the hallway.
Head straight until you get to a large table with white chairs then turn right and pass the soccer table then continue heading straight. Pass the desk and wait right at by the coffee table which is in the middle of 4 lime green chairs.
Walk to the talk back chair at the entrance to the room with the statues. Walk to the stairs and climb until you are standing on the third stair from the top of the first platform.
Walk straight and pass the round table to enter the room visible. Enter the door, and turn right to enter a bedroom. Pass the bedroom and the white sofa to exit out of the room. Walk straight passing the two lamps on the left, and stand at the mid of the wall ahead near the white railing.
Walk up the stairs, Walk forward and turn right. Walk slightly forward and turn left. Walk forward and turn right. Walk into the room with the painting above the bed and wait.
Walk down stairs. Make left at edge of fireplace hearth, and walk down stairs. Wait at concrete coffee table.
Turn around and enter the bedroom. Walk to the other side of the bed and stop in the door way of the small area with a table and chair and 2 lamps.
Walk passed the wooden framed couch seat and into the hallway with the wooden framed wall. Walk along the wooden framed over to the bathroom entry near the fountain.
Exit the bathroom and walk through the wide hall. Continue to the right of the brown sofa and stop between it and the two white sofas.
Leave the aromatherapy room and take a right. Stop before you pass the large table in the middle of the room.
Turn around and stop before entering the hallway.
Walk through butler's pantry. Make hard right on white marble floor. Walk into dining room. Walk past dining table. Make left at pendant lighting. Wait at column.
Walk through the kitchen and past the stove and enter the dining room. Stand by the table.
Leave the bathroom and go left, towards the stairs. Walk past the stairs and take a slight right past the dining table on your left and walk towards the dining table ahead. Turn right and head to the couch. Stop behind the couch near the chair on the left.
Walk straight until you get to a statue then turn right and go into the room on the left. Walk past the green couches and pass the fireplace on the left. Go straight into the room and wait near the black table with chairs.
Exit bedroom, make a right and walk to base of stairs and wait at base of stairs.
Go into the large open area and up the white stairs. Stop on the stairs just before the first break in the stairs.
Walk straight past the couches on the right. Turn right and go straight until you get to the round table. Turn left and go straight toward the stairs. Go up five steps then stop.
Walk towards the white stand holding the plant, and then take a left at the doors leading to outside. Walk towards the red man statue on the ground, and stop once you reached it.
Walk towards the TV, turn left and walk to the whiteboard. Turn right and exit the room and walk left into the hall.
Exit through the sliding glass doors, turn left, Then enter the bedroom through the sliding glass doors, veer right pass the chair and enter the bathroom. Wait by the glass partition.
Exit the room using the door on the right and then turn right and wait near the couches in the large room.
Turn slightly left and walk past the stairs. Turn right and walk  across the room hugging the right wall. Walk towards the kitchen counter. Wait by the small wooden chair.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the chair.
Go down the narrow rug rolling it all the way to the end to the picture, then turn right into a doorway of a high ceilinged room with a desk and a textured grey wall.
Walk up the stairs and take a right. Turn left and take your first right into the bedroom. Wait there.
Go around the table, into the hall. Go down the hall and enter the bathroom directly ahead, stopping in front of the bathtub.
walk away from doorway to bedroom, turn right down hallway, walk straight towards two red chairs, turn left at the red chairs and walk on the left side of the bed, walk through doorway on left, stop in front of shower.
Walk towards the tub, turn right in front of the tub and exit the bathroom. Stop outside of the door.
Exit the room and walk straight ahead through the doorway. Turn left, then right and wait in the room with the lounge chairs.
Walk straight past the white couches, down the stairs.  Wait by the blue and red painting on the wall.
Pass the yellow couches and the stairs then pass the kitchen and go straight until you get to a room with a marble table and four dark brown chairs and stop there.
Walk up the aisle through the pews. Walk down the stairs on your right and in front of the rope section which is the second from the right facing the rope.
Walk through the door and down the hall. Enter the main room and stop at the far end of the room, near the large dining table.
Walk toward the sun loungers. Enter the sliding doors to the far right. Stop there.
walk towards the sink, down the hallway to the left, turn left and walk past the mirror and down the hallway, walk through the doorway, stand on the first step of the stairs your right.
Turn and go down the stairs to the bottom. At the bottom, walk straight ahead into the foyer area with the black door leading outside. Stop facing the black door with a small table to your right.
Walk past two white leather recliners.  Face the white dresser, and then turn right to head out the door.  Make another right and walk to end of the porch.  Wait here.
Walk straight down the wood hallway in front of you. Turn left into the first entryway. Walk through the short hallway and then turn right. Keep walking and stop before you enter the bedroom ahead and there is wood on both sides of you.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Turn right and walk past the dish washer. Stop by the chair.
With the bathroom to your right, walk straight through the sitting area and onto the patio.  Stop on the patio behind the chair on the left facing the pool.
Walk down the hall and turn left. Stop in front of the bed.
Exit the bathroom and move out of the bedroom in to the hall. Wait in front of the first door on the right.
Move to the left side of the play table. Walk straight to the open doorway facing the conference room.
Turn right facing corner. Walk forward. Walk left. Walk forward. Walk to end door. Walk through door.
Go around palm tree on the left, enter the house. Take a few steps towards the bar, then stop.
With the short flight of three steps in front of you, move forward until you can exit through the opening to your right. Continue straight down the hallway, and at the end of the hallway, take a dogleg to the right, entering the bedroom.
Walk past the patio furniture down the walkway. Stop at the end of the balcony near the palm trees.
Go through the doorway.  Move forward through the next room and the doorway on the far side.  Turn to the right and stop in the doorway.
Turn to the right and cross the office. Exit out the door to the right. Once out turn left into the hallway. Make a quick left into the first door and stop looking into the bathroom.
Walk into the bedroom and out of the room into the hall. In the hall take a right and stop across the tan tile.
Walk passed the conference room and blue cushioned chairs against the wall. Turn around the corner and walk passed the small curving cubicles. Walk into the break area with large table over to the sink area.
Turn left and pass the thinkpods then stop.
Walk past the bed, and go through the door left of the horse painting. Go down the hallway and stop at the foot of the stairs.
Walk around the stair well and enter the glass door on the left.  Then walk down the hallway and enter the bedroom on your right.  Wait near the bed.
Walk through the doorway and take a left. Take a right after the blue chairs. Wait by the foosball table.
Turn right and enter the house. Walk through the main foyer area and turn right at the last door.
Go right and then left by the pillars. Go to the center of the pews and turn right again, then stop at the last row of pews.
Walk past the ceiling vent. Walk past the stairs going down on the left. Make a right into the bathroom. Wait at the vanity.
Walk into the bedroom and exit into the hallway. In the hallway walk into the office room the hall. Stop in the doorway to the room.
Turn right to face the end of the white couch. Walk towards the Christmas tree behind the armchair. Turn right and walk toward the dinner table. Stop at the end of the dinner table. Turn left to walk into the kitchen. Stop in front of the refrigerator.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the chair to the top of the stairs. Walk down the stairs. Stop on the seventh step from the bottom.
Turn around and enter the room with all the white cabinets. Once inside, turn and walk right. Keeping going out the door on the other side. Once outside the door turn right and start up the stairs. Stop right before the stairs begin to turn.
Walk to the left of the guardrail, down the hall, through the door and into the carpeted hallway. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom, next to the picture of the two girls on the wall.
Walk past stairwell. Walk past tv room. Make right into bedroom. Wait at mirrored closet doors.
Pass the dining table and into the entry hall. Wait near the artwork.
Exit the bathroom, exit the bedroom, turn right and go up the stairs and few steps from the top stop.
Leave kitchen area, walking past fridge. Take a right and go up the stairs, stopping at the first landing.
Walk through the second door on the left. Take the left after the China cupboard. Wait in the bedroom.
Walk down the hall passing the railing on the right. Enter the nearest bedroom to the left of the hallway and wait at the entrance.
Walk toward the bed then turn left. Pass the bed and the dresser and go into the bathroom on the left. Walk past the tub and the sinks then turn left and go into the closet. Wait there.
Turn around and exit the bedroom. Turn left and walk along the hallway. Turn right when you reach the dining table. Wait there.
Go towards the house, past the lounge chairs and enter the farthest door on the right. Stop in the doorway.
Walk forward through the double doors. Continue down the hallway. Wait near the side table with two lamps.
Walk behind the chair and turn right. Walk down the stairs and turn left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go straight through the door and left into the hall. Turn right into the big white room, and go left near the left set of sinks.
Go straight past the stairs and take a left. Go straight into the dining room and stand behind the first chair at the end of the table.
Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway. Walk down the hall and stop behind the beige leather chair.
Take a walk down the hallway past the double doors and continue on past the blue plates and stop when you are are the next entryway.
Turn to the right and walk down the hallway. You'll go past some thinkpods.  Turn right at the first doorway.  It's a big conference room.  Wait right there.
Exit the doorway and turn left to enter the double doors. Follow the hallway and stop at the end of the path.
Walk outside past the dining room table and turn left. Walk past the end table and stop behind the chair.
Go through the kitchen, turn left and walk to the end of the hall. Stop at the bottom of the steps.
Turn around and walk towards the red statue. Enter the door to the left of the statue. Once inside, walk forward and then turn right. Once you turn right, turn another quick right and walk towards the walkway above the room. Stop right before you reach the step up and the large painting on the wall.
Walk up stairs then turn left. Walk down to end of hall then turn right into bedroom. Wait there.
Exit the room. Turn right. Turn left.Go straight and enter the double doors. Wait there.
Exit bathroom, turn right at pole, turn right and walk up the three stairs, stop in front of bench.
Turn around and go to the bottom of the steps. Walk forward and start to go down the next steps and stop after you go down 3 steps.
Go right into the next bedroom. Go left into the bathroom and stop next to the toilet.
Walk towards the white flower in the white vase down the hallway. At the end of the hallway take a right and and stop next to the lamp that is next to the white couch.
Exit the conference room. Turn left. Pass the grey and teal chairs. Turn right. Follow the yellow line on the ground passing the think pods. Wait by the Soccer table.
Go to the right.  Go through the door.  Then go down the hall and to the left.  Go up to the landing of the stairs and wait for further instructions.
Turn left to walk down hallway under stairs. Walk down hall toward dining room. Turn left. Walk down hall. Turn right to enter pantry.
Go straight and go into the conference room straight ahead, and on the right. Stop near the right wall in the conference room.
Exit the bedroom and move through the hallway. Stop just after you pass the stairway on your right.
Turn left and go all the way down the hallway until you get to the first step of the stairs. Stop there.
walk through double doors and down hallway, keep left of stairs, stop at double doors, just passed the painting on the left.
Go through the dining area, down the hall past the white couch and stop before the dining room entryway.
Walk through the bedroom into the hallway and turn left. Turn left into the kitchen and stop.
Exit the closet. Take a left out of the bedroom, head down the hallway and stop halfway.
Walk down the stairs and make a hard left. Turn left again and wait by the light switches.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk left into the hallway. Walk left through the double doors. Walk up the stairs and stop on the first landing.
Go straight along balcony, passed the doors to your right, and wait near large glass window.
Walk through the office towards the open entryway ahead, passing a set of small tables and a book on a pedestal. Walk into the large open room with statues and immediately turn the corner to the left. Follow along the wall towards the dresser with vanity mirror ahead. Turn the corner into the hallway before reaching the vanity and stop near the glass doors along the hall.
Walk through the bedroom and walk counter clockwise around the bed into the bathroom on the other side.  Turn right in the bathroom and walk until you pass the tub.  Stop in the doorway outside at the end of the tub.
Go down the hallway opposite the stairs, before the stairs turn left and step next to the railing and stop.
Go to the bottom of the stairs and take an immediate right turn. Then take another immediate right turn until you are on the right side of the table.
Go straight, out of the sitting room and past the living and dining room. Stop once you pass the dining table and are halfway between the dining table and the couch across from it.
Walk out of the kitchen, past the dining room table on your left. Turn right at the table, and go towards the front door. Stop near the other dining room table.
Turn left and exit out the door to the left of the mirror. Once out, walk straight ahead and then turn to go up the stairs. Stop on the last step before the steps start to turn.
enter the door turn right then turn right again, walk forward until you reach the sofa.
Go down the hallway opposite the white door, go straight passed the yellow chairs, go forward into the doorway leading outside and stop.
Turn left into the hallway, then stop outside of the bathroom door on the right.
Go straight down the way opposite the stairs, and keeping through the archway on the right, go up three steps and then stop.
Walk forward into the dining room and turn left.  Walk in the entryway and wait by the doors.
Walk upstairs to the dining area. Walk past the table, and wait by the front door.
Turn to the left and walk down a hallway.  Go to the right, walk past the couch.  Continue down this path.  Then, you'll come to a room that has a curved couch.  Stop there by the tables and wait.
Go forward and down the stairs. Stop at door.
Walk to the right and then back to the left again.  Go to the staircase and go up about 3 steps and then wait.
Turn around and go straight past the statues towards the narrow doorway. Go through the doorway, past the painting on the wall. Take a step to the left towards the open door.
Exit the bedroom through the door nearest you and turn left. Continue forward past the stairs on your left and turn left when you're near the wall decorated with four domed mirrors. Walk forward until you're standing on the rug.
Turn so that the painting of the plant in the hall is on your left.  Walk down the hall.  In the next room, make a right, walk past the long table with the two white chairs, and then a make a left.  Exit the house through the glass door in front of you.  Walk straight across the courtyard outside and stop in the doorway of the exercise room in front of you.
Turn around and walk into the sitting room behind you and stop in front of the TV to the right side.
Leave the bathroom and walk towards the bedroom. Stop between the double entry doors and the entry of the bedroom.
Exit bedroom to door on the right. Take a sharp right and enter the living area. Walk forward toward the dining table. Exit through the second door on the left. Wait there.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Take a left in the hall and enter the laundry room. Walk through the laundry room into the garage. Stop on the first rug in the garage.
Turn to the right and exit the bed and couch area leaving the wide pillar to your left.  Walk through the door and continue walking straight past the sign with the word "Loggins" on it.  Stop before entering the room with the paint splatters on the floor.
Turn left and walk up the stairs, then wait at the top of the stairs.
Turn left proceed around the middle island to the end of the bar.  Turn left and head out of the kitchen, stopping as you enter the dining room.
Enter the en suite bathroom and wait in the doorway to the toilet.
Walk through the bedroom passed the base of the bed. Walk through the open door into the hallway. Turn and walk towards the living room area and stop near the glass coffee table with a vase on top.
Walk all the way forward towards the living room. Keep walking straight passing the white sofa on the left, and the conference table on the right. Turn right towards the staircase, and walk down the stairs, and stop at the middle.
Turn around and go across the large open room. Go through the next room with couches and exit the large door to go outside. Stop once you are outside facing the pool.
Turn right toward the landing of the stairs and proceed down them.  Stop in the doorway to the left of the lower landing of the stairs, just before you enter the kitchen.
Walk to the top of the stairs and turn left. Walk through the doorway, past the pink chair, and stop in the next doorway.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Move forward past the stairs and wait at the office doorway.
With the stairs behind you, walk down the hallway in front of you.  Walk all the way down the hallway until you run into a door.  Stop just before entering the room with the table and chairs.
Go down the stairs. After you pass the chair on the left turn left and wait there.
Go to the left, past the outdoor table and into the house.  Walk through the doorway and on into the dining room.  Turn right and go through a doorway.  You'll be in a hallway and see a small entryway with a small window.  Wait right there.
Go straight and pass the first stairs. Wait on the third step at the very end of the last stairs.
Turn right. Walk through desk area. Walk past fooseball table. Stop before conference table and white bookshelves.
Walk to the right of the dining room table and chairs. Stop on the other side of the dining room table and chairs.
Pass the lime green chairs then the desk and after you pass the desk turn left and wait between the two thinkpods.
Turn right and go through the kitchen. Walk past the round table with chairs on the right. Wait near the two round coffee tables and the beige couches.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Take a left and enter the kitchen through the first left. Stop once you enter the room.
Go straight, then turn right to exit the room.  Continue to the adjacent room, and wait by the bathroom sink.
Walk through the large open room past the paintings on the wall. Turn left before reaching the couch area and walk into the hallway with wood panel walls.
Turn around and go up the two steps on your right. Walk past the white chair and to the doorway on the left. Take a few steps to the first white couch .
Walk out of the bedroom and down the hall. Turn right and stop in front of the doors.
Walk through the kitchen, past the stove. Walk into the dining room and turn left, walking past the dining table. Wait in the doorway to the hallway.
Turn right and go let down the hallway until you are next to the black chari.
Walk away from the pool, past the dining table and into the seating area/lobby and go left towards some rooms, and stop.
Leave the bedroom and walk down the hallway to your left. Walk into the sitting area and stop on the rug with the striped chair on your left side.
Turn around and walk left going up the stairs.  Stop when you get to the top of the stairs.
go through door on right, stop on third step.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Then turn right and walk down the hallway. Turn right then turn left. Walk toward the two side by side paintings. Stop in the middle of the room.
walk along house then turn left to enter house, walk through hall and stop in living room by outside doors.
Pass the patio table and chairs. Go pass a patio couch and after you pass a round patio table with two chairs. Turn right and go inside. Wait near the lamp.
Walk in between the two tables inside of the house, making a slight left turn towards the hallway and stopping once near the white seat with two pillows.
Exit the kitchen and go left through the opening, then take another left through the door opening. Then take the opening to your right and head towards the sliding glass doors. Stop when you reach the foot of the bed to your left.
Walk out of the bedroom and make a right in the hallway. Make the first right and wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
Go up the stairs, and to the right. Enter the hallway through the glass door. Enter the first bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Walk down the two steps passing the bed, and outside the door. Stop at the balcony in front of the yellow chair.
Turn and walk to the bottom of the stairs. At the bottom turn right and walk past the large glass cabinet and turn right. Once you enter the room turn left and walk out the door into the next room and stop.
Leave the closet, and head through the glass doors ahead. Walk down the hall. Stop outside of the room at the end of the hall.
Go towards the dining table and turn right after the white chair, go straight passed the stairs on the left and into the archway, make a left into the bathroom doorway, take a couple of steps in and then stop.
Head in the direction of the Foosball table. take a left at the Thinkpods. Stop outside the door to the first Thinpod.
Walk all the way forward passing the mirror on your left. Walk toward the staircase, and stop in front of the staircase.
Walk towards the open glass door until you get outside.  You want to walk on the left side of the swimming pool towards the recliner lawn chairs.  Stop in the grass just before you reach the lawn chairs.
Walk down stairs and turn right, walk passed the massage chair, through the living room and stop at double doors.
Turn right and go down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs turn slightly right and enter the room with two open doors.
Go straight back through the exercise room, once you reach the third yellow light on the ceiling stop.
Turn around and walk forward past a few columns, go around to the other side of the column. Stand on the floor.
Go up the stairs to the second landing past the dining table and turn left past the counters.  Stop facing the fireplace and back door.
Walk up stairs. Wait at the "LAUGH" picture frame.
Leave the bathroom and walk straight in the direction of the TV room. In the TV room take a right and then take a left into the bedroom. Stop inside the bedroom in front of the door.
Turn right and go down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs turn left and stop.
Walk out of the bathroom passed the sink and into the bedroom on the right. Walk passed the foot of the bed out the door into the hallway. Walk towards the nearest stairwell to the lower level of the home.
Walk through the bedroom and into the hallway. Go past the dining table and stop in the entryway on the right.
Go straight until you get to the room then turn right and right again to go into the bathroom. Wait by black and white painting of the tree with the lady in a dress.
Exit in to the hallway, turn left at the shelf and continue into the kitchen. Pass the dining room table and then turn left and stop in the entryway.
Exit the bathroom and make a right.  Cross the room and stop in the open doorway when you get next to the water cooler.
Walk down the stairs. Stand with the front door behind you and walk to the dining room in the 10 o'clock position.  Stop behind the third chair on the right.
Turn left and enter next room. then turn left and enter the next room. then turn right and enter the next room.
Walk through the open door beside the stairs. Before you reach the black table, turn right.  Walk towards the wall, then turn left, and wait by the bedroom door.
Leave the bedroom, and take a left in the hall. Go up the flight of tree stairs into the office. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Turn right and go past the black and metal barriers. Then turn left and walk through the room with the wooden cabinets. On the other side beside the rock n rock painting is 2 doors. Enter the bedroom door on the left. Once in the bedroom walk right and stop inside the door to the closet.
Go straight and pass the couches on the left. Pass the couches on the left and walk straight toward the table with the beige and white chairs.
Walk past the table and chairs and make a sharp turn left. Walk up the steps and stop in front of the metal bench.
Take a right at the dresser and walk forward around the railing. Walk down the hallway, passing the seating area on your left. Go straight and go into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Stop in the bedroom just past the doorway.
Turn around and go left after the glass table to the left, go till you see the stairway on the left, take a right and the first left stop at the room on the right.
Walk out of the open door onto the porch area outside. Follow down the narrow outside porch walkway around the curve behind the red couch. At the end of the red couch, stop.
Walk forward away from the bedroom. Enter the house through the living room on the left. Walk forward into the entryway, and stop.
Exit the room, walk through the dining room to the second doorway on the right, turn right, walk to the grey door, turn left, wait at the doorway to the bathroom.
Turn to your right and walk through the room past the seating area and the thinkpods on your left to the second doorway on your right and enter the conference room.
Enter the bathroom and walk past the tub and shower. Go past the sinks and enter the bedroom. Enter the doorway to the right of the bed and stop in front of the desk.
Go straight and turn left into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
With the mirror towards your right side, go forward and turn right ninety degrees, and continue forward past the half bath to your right and into the lobby. Then turn right and head towards the stairs leading up and stop after climbing three steps.
go straight down the hallway.
Exit bedroom to hall, turn right and stop in the middle of the living room.
Walk forward into the bedroom and turn right. Exit out the door ahead to the right. Once out, turn left and go down the stairs ahead. Stop about a fourth of the way down the stairs.
Walk out of the room to the patio area outside and then go through the archway on the left. Go through and walk towards the table and wait once you get to the table.
Go down the hallway opposite the stairs, make a right and go down the hallway, go slight left through the room, then go in between the pillars on the left side of the room, take a step passed the ornate rectangle on the ground and stop.
Go left down the hallway and stop in front of the closed door at the end.
Walk straight until you get to steps on the right. Go up the steps and wait there.
walk away from the stairs, down the hallway to the left of the set of stairs leading up.Walk through the double green doors and stop.
Go straight and wait by the double doors that lead to the outside.
Exit the door. Walk all the way up the stairs. Turn right and head inside the bedroom door. Make a slight right and walk towards the closet door entrance and stop there.
Move through the open doorway into the hallway. Turn right and move down the hall.  Stop once you reach the right side of the first Christmas tree you come to.
Turn around and enter the foyer area. Walk straight across and through the doorway. Walk all the way to the end and stop in front of the paintings at the end.
Leave the dining room and go straight down the hall ahead. Stop at the end of the hall in front of the painting.
Turn to your right, facing the white chair next to the glass lamp in the living room. Stop at the golden door handle and turn right. Move straight until you reach the table and chair set to your right, then angle slightly left, moving.
Leave the bathroom, and enter the bathing room. Go around the large middle table on the right side. Stop in front of the middle sink.
With the pool towards your left, walk forward, past the double doors leading into the building on your right. Continue past until there's a right angle horizontal bend in the railing on your left and a circular table with a large concentric hole in the middle of it, directly in front of you.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk up the stairs to the right and wait near the metal bench.
Take a left and then take a right. Walk into the room straight ahead and wait there.
Exit the room and turn right, go down the three steps and turn right on the first door.
Walk past the Foosball table and turn right. Turn left after you pass the cubicles on the right, and continue forward. Wait near the table in the second meeting room on the right.
walk past the couch then turn left, stop near the door to the left.
Go inside the house. Go up two stairs, go right at the first veer in the hall. Then turn right and enter the small laundry room.
Walk forward through the closet and exit. In the hall take a left at the first door on your left and stop in the doorway to the seating area outside of the bathroom.
Walk down the steps and turn left. Walk down the steps and turn left. Stop in front of the doors.
Walk down the staircase to the next floor below. Turn around the banister wall and continue down the adjacent hallway. Walk towards the open double doors that are green in color.
Go up the stairs, and go left, towards the stairs. Stop next to the dining table, before you reach the stairs.
Go through the doorway to the right and then turn right and go through the next doorway passing the hutch and stopping in front of the stairs.
Walk up the stairs to the deck and walk to the table and chairs and inside.  Walk straight and stop near the bar stool closest to the middle of the room.
Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Walk around the room to the other side of the bed. Once on the other side, look to the left of the bed and enter the small area and stop facing the table with lamps and a mirror.
Exit the bathroom, walk across the room, turn through the doorway on the left, then turn hard left. Wait by the bed.
At the top of the stairs, walk straight down the hallway.  After you have passed the window seat, walk into the room on the right.  Stop once you have stepped into the bedroom.
Turn left at the window and go out the red doorway. and turn right.  Walk past the wooden door and stop after stepping into the white marble room.
Walk through the kitchen into the dining room, then turn left to the stairway landing. Stop and near the window.
Go passed the bed and through the door on the right. Then go right and stop in front of the couch.
walk past the large black and white picture. Walk through the double doors. Turn right and stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk out the door. Turn left and walk through the next doorway. Enter the archway on the left and walk through the sitting room through the archway on the opposite side of the room. Wait by the painting.
walk down marble hallway away from dining room table, walk past stairs, continue straight and stop before you reach arched doorway to hardwood floor.
Walk past bird cage. Make right at blue wall. Walk past women's bathroom. Walk past men's bathroom. Wait at bottom of stairs.
Exit faucet room into next room. Walk over island in middle of the room and through archway. Turn left and enter curtain door. Walk across room to door on the right. Turn right and enter room. Stop before lounge chairs.
Walk through the open door into the hallway. Turn the corner and walk into the open room ahead with arm chairs and a dining table. Walk into the hall past the couch area. Stop near the bathroom doorway in the hall.
Turn left and go toward the double doors. Go through the double doors, turn right and enter the bedroom. Wait next to the bed.
Exit the bathroom and walk all the way toward the couches that are facing a large tv and wait there.
Go up the stairs all the way to the top.  Then move forward. Make a left past the countertop and go forward until you get near the doors.
Walk through the open door with blue entryway. Continue down the hall past the colorful painting on the wall. Walk around the concrete rounded wall and stop near the small set of steps leading down to a bedroom area.
Walk out of the dining room in to the living room. Head through the far doorway into the bar area. Stop in front of the statue of the standing lady.
Head right, past the television into the bedroom with a white dresser. Turn right and wait in the closet.
Turn towards the right and walk down the hallway towards the kitchen table. Pass the table and go through the crooked rectangular door way and then stop.
Exit the living room and walk down to the end of the hall. Turn hard left and stop in front of the marker board.
Walk across the living room, then turn right. Walk out the door and straight down the hallway. Stop at the entrance of the room at the end of the hallway.
Walk forward, turn right exiting the room. Keep right moving forward, turn left wait in bathroom.
Walk straight toward the staircase. Pass the staircase and take the set of doors to the right.  Wait by the washer and dryer.
Walk down hall through the kitchen. Stop at the of hall in front of the door to the outside deck.
Pass the bed and exit the bedroom on the right. Continue down the hall and turn at the next right.
walk to the end of the table,turn right,  go straight towards the cart, turn right, walk to the end of the table and stop.
Turn your body to the right. Go through the entryway. Turn right and walk towards the bed. Walk around the bed towards the double doors. Walk outside through the double doors and stop.
Go toward the front entrance and take a left, go down the hallway and stop right before the intersecting hallway.
Walk down the corridor and wait through the first archway on the left.
Turn around and walk towards the stairs. Then turn right and follow the hallway. At the third doorway on the right, turn right and stop near the china hutch.
Walk up the stairs.  At the top of the stairs, make a left and walk to the first doorway on your right.  Go through this doorway, and you will be in a bathroom.  Stop in front of the bathroom mirror.
Walk toward the fridge. Go into the hallway that is on the left of the fridge. Turn right and go down the hallway. After you pass the stairs on the right. Turn left and wait in that room.
Turn around and exit the bathroom.  Turn right into the hallway.  Enter the bedroom on the right and wait next to the large mirror.
Go down the set of steps to the right, then turn around to the other side of the handrail and step in between the rail and the table.
Exit the bedroom. Make a slight left towards the stairs. Move up the first two stairs at the bottom and stop there.
Leave the closet and bedroom. Take a right in the hall and enter the room at the end of the hall. Stop once you are past the doors.
Take a right and go straight across the room. Turn right and stop next to the oven.
Walk up the stairwell to the upper level of the home. Turn the corner at the top of the stairs and walk along the banister rail past the dresser. Pass the open door and stop just past it near the banister railing.
Walk out of the bathroom and walk right. Walk into the hallway past the television and turn right to walk into the bedroom and stop.
Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk across the room and into the hallway. walk down the hall and through the glass doorway. Stop by the railing.
Walk down the hallway, past the artwork and into the hallway with the windows on each side. Continue down the hallway and enter the room on the left with two massage tables.  Walk past the massage tables and wait next to the large bath tub.
When you leave the bedroom you need to walk straight to the second door on the left to leave the dinning area. After you get in the hallway make a right and go into the bedroom on the left. Now stand in front of the foot of the bed and wait.
Walk straight down the hallway, until you reach another room and walk through the doorway on your left. Walk across the hallway, to the bathroom and stop once you are standing in the middle of it.
Pass the bench and go down the steps then turn sharp right and wait by the large wooden table with the black chairs.
Go to the right of the shelves Go to the green line Go to the foosball table.
Exit the bedroom and turn right down the hallway. Turn left to continue down the hall and then head for the door directly ahead. Go through the door and stop halfway between the door you went through and the staircase directly ahead.
Enter the room and exit through the glass door. Walk down the wooden balcony and turn left into the next room. Go through the door at the right of the room and wait at the entrance.
Leave the bedroom and go right. Enter the bedroom, and take a left. Enter the bathroom, and stop next to the toilet.
Walk up the stairs and turn left around the corner. Go to the near left corner of the long table with chairs and stop.
Exit the bedroom into the hall and stop in the doorway on the right.
Turn to your left and walk through the bedroom and stand in the closet.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go out the door on your left. Turn left on the next door. Wait near the night table.
Turn right and exit through the wooden door.  Immediately turn left, and walk through the doorway to enter the bathroom.  Walk towards the window, and turn right into the room with four chairs.  Wait here.
Walk through the arched wooden door into the sauna and turn right and stop.
Leave the bedroom and walk into the hallway. Walk straight down the hall and enter the bedroom at the end of the hall on the right. Stop on the rug next to the lower right edge of the bed.
Walk down the hallway towards the stairs, walk to the door to the left of the closet and stop.
Walk up the remaining stairs to the top of the staircase. Turn and walk past the desk and dining table in the middle of the room. Walk through the concrete entryway into the hall up the small steps into the next room.
Walk forward and leave the garage. Go through the first door on your right and arrive at the foot of the bed.
Walk straight through large doorway with pillars. Wait in front of pillars.
walk past the white statue towards the table, walk to the left side of the table and turn left to face the yellow wall. Turn left and walk down the stairs at the bottom of the stairs stop in the doorway on the left.
Walk down hallway, turn left, and stop.
Walk down the hallway with the railing on your left and the wall on your right.  Walk through the door to the bedroom directly in front of you.  Once you are in the room, make a quick right and walk through the doorway, with the nightstand on the left of the doorway, into the bathroom.  Stop next to the bathroom counter, as soon as you walk into the room.
Turn around and walk down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs turn left and walk towards the kitchen area. Stop in the middle of the kitchen.
Turn right and walk straight passing a cushioned sofa on the left. Keep walking straight until you see a staircase with black railing. Then stop at the top of the stairs.
Go through the archway to the left of the brown double doors, take a right, go straight through the way and stop in the intersection with the cloth thing on the ceiling and stop.
Walk into the house through the black doorway with a black mat out front. Walk down the hallway on the left and continue to the end. Walk to the left and stand at the base of the staircase.
Walk toward the staircase, then veer left before the column.  Walk toward the dining room. Turn left and walk toward the sliding glass doors. Walk outside and stop.
Walk up the center staircase. Turn left on the landing, and continue up the stairs. Walk to the right of the curio cabinet, and wait in the bedroom door threshold.
Orient yourself so the pool is to your right and the kitchen island is behind you and to the left, walk across the room, passing though the opening dead ahead, then turn left and enter the bedroom ahead.
Enter the house and pass by the left side of the table. Turn left and go up two steps. Go around the left side of the kitchen island. Exit the kitchen go down two steps and go stand in front of the tables and yellow couches in the center of the room. Wait there.
Take a right and go down the hallway. Stop once you reach the open brown door on the left.
Exit the closet then turn left. When you pass the couches turn left and go into the room on your left. Wait by the sink.
Walk out of the kitchen into the dining room then turn left and walk through the door. Walk through the door to the right of the cabinet into the bedroom. Wait near the foot of the bed.
turn around. Go through the rounded archway. Continue forward until you reach the marble table and take a left to arrive at a sink with blue tiles.
Walk through the open doors. Walk towards the kitchen.  Turn right at the large brown table.  Walk towards the foosball table.  Stop in front of the table.
Walk past storage bench. Walk through open french doors. Walk past dining room table. Make right opposite wood end table. Wait at lilies.
Exit the room and head straight past the white couch on the left. Then turn left and walk straight until you get to an opening on the right. Turn into that room and wait near the grey chairs.
Head up the stairs and wait just to the left of the bust in front of the mirror.
Turn and walk up the staircase to the top. Walk towards the pink open door at the top of the stairs.
Turn around and walk all the way across the empty room. Enter the first door on the left and stop.
With the stairs behind you, walk straight down the hallway past the window seat and to the stairs on the other side.  Stop at the top of the stairs.
Exit the conference room and cross the hallway with the wooden floor into the hallway with the tile floor directly across from the conference room you started in.
Walk down the hallway past the pictures on the wall and through the glass door.  Walk down the hallway and wait at the other end at the entrance to a bedroom.
Make a right turn and walk past the blue chairs. Make a right turn into the conference room with the writing board on the wall.
Go towards the fireplace. Enter through the open hidden book case door and wait beside the light switch.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk up the stairs and turn right. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway. In the dining room. T]]zake the second right and stop outside of the main entrance and a bathroom.
Walk forward past the fireplace. Turn right walk out the door. Hard right through doorway to bathroom. Stop just inside door.
Go towards the fireplace. Wait on the stairs.
Walk down the hall with the picture on your left and through the open doorway.  Turn left, and walk through through that doorway.  In the hall, enter the large doorway on your left, the first opening in the wall you'll come to.  Cross the room with the wine bottles on your left, and approach the picture of the woman putting on lipstick that is hanging on the far wall.  Stop in front of that picture.
Go up the two steps next to the bed. Walk to the right of the large gray column. Enter the doorway to the right of the mirror. Start down the stairs. Stop five steps down.
Take a left at the hanging Burbank plaque and continue on to the nursery where all the children's toys are located.
Exit closet and turn right at the mirror hanging on the wall.  Turn left at the first doorway on the left. Turn right and walk into the bedroom. Walk towards the door to the patio and step outside. Stop near the doorway.
Make a left and head down hallway, make a left at kitchen and enter, then make a right and walk toward the living area, and wait.
Turn left and go all the way down the long hallway. Go through the last door and stop by the round coffee table.
Exit the room and turn left then head straight until you get to the end of the hallway then turn right and wait there.
Turn around and go up the stairs behind you. Stop at the very top of the stairs. You will be facing books and a window.
Walk out of the bedroom and through the hallway. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom using the door on the left. Turn right and go out of the bedroom. Wait in the hallway.
Walk out the open door and turn left. Turn left again at the next doorway. Stand near the sink.
Walk through the doorway towards the white and green chair, and take a right. Walk through the room with the white chair with the red blanket on it, and through the double doors that lead outside. Once outside, stop behind the two chairs and table.
Walk past the stairs and into the next room. Then walk past the bed and into the door on the right.
Walk up the stairs and take a right. Enter the sitting room through the first door on your left. Go through the sitting room into the bedroom through the second door on the right. Take a right into the bathroom. Stop just inside the doorway to the bathroom.
Leave the living room through the door on the left. Go down the hall and take the first right. Stop outside of the bathroom door.
Walk across the bedroom and make a right to exit the room by the dark door near the three gold prints of plants.  Walk into the hallway , and make a left.  Stop at the top of the staircase, which will on your lefthand side.
Walk to the left of the bed and through the hallway and turn right. Stop in the entryway across from the double doors.
Exit bedroom, turn left, go straight down the hallway, walk through the glass door, turn left in front of the closet, stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk past the oven and the stove. Walk to the right of the picture and stop behind the couch.
Walk down the stairs. Turn right and wait by the round coffee tables.
walk up stairs, turn right, continue upstairs, turn right, enter room on left.
Walk out of the laundry room and stop. Turn right and walk into the room on the left. Walk past the bed and turn right. Stop in the doorway of the closet.
Go down the stairs and then turn right and walk past the couches toward the table and chairs then stop.
walk away from the door into the hall and take a left. walk forward in the direction of the stairs and the first right and go through the door. Veer left into the living room and stop on the rug between the first two chairs.
Walk towards the table. Take a slight right and go straight towards the yellow wall. Stop before descending the stairs.
Go down the stairs and turn right at the bottom.  Turn right again into the bedroom and stop after stepping inside.
Go up the stairs. Walk along the balcony and go to the large three stairs. Stop on the first stair.
Go down the staircase, turn hard left and left again into the kitchen, and wait by the door.
Turn left and walk past the table, then turn right and walk down the stairs to the bottom. Wait  near the art work.
Walk towards the fireplace and past the office desk.  Take the door on the right and wait by the wine cooler.
Walk down the walkway and past the stairs. Stop in the doorway to the first room on the left.
Enter the home. Walk between the dining table and the breakfast bar. Wait at the bathroom on the left.
Turn left and walk down the hallway in the opposite direction of the stairs. Walk until you arrive at the top of the second set of stairs.  Wait there.
Walk straight and stop at bookshelf to the left. Keep going straight, stop, turn right, head into an office room.
Walk straight out of the closet and turn right into the bedroom. Walk between the bed and the lounge chair and out the double glass doors. Turn right and walk onto the patio and past the patio table. Pause in the archway next to the stand holding rolled up towels.
Leave the office and wait across the hall in the bedroom on the left.
Walk inside the room, and turn left. Walk forward passing the bed, and then turn left towards the bathroom. Enter inside the bathroom, and stop there.
Move forward and then take a left to exit through the restroom door.  Take a right outside the bathroom door, into the living room area. Pass by the white leather sofas.  By the white pillar with the statue on it there is a doorway. Go through the doorway and stop.
Go onto the sidewalk and then straight passed the front door on your right and the stop near the patch of the blue stones on the left of the front door.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the room. Walk straight until you get to the couches. Wait there.
Continue down the stairs and turn to the right and continue forward until you reach the bottom of a set of three shallow steps. Turn left around the corner and enter the bathroom through the door on your left.
Looking in the direction of the bed, there's an opening into the bathroom. Go into the bathroom and turn left, stopping at the entrance to the bathing and showing area.
Walk down the walkway, into the building and wait in the sitting area near the fireplace.
Exit the laundry room, turn left, then walk to the dining room and wait by the first cabinet.
Walk to the right of the pictures and down the hall. Walk left under the chandelier. Walk through the hall and the entryway on the right. Stop by the white cushioned chairs.
Walk through kitchen away from white door and as soon as you exit the kitchen turn left towards the bedroom. Wait in doorway.
Walk past the stairs and contain, and pass the second counter on your left. Walk through the walkway, between a wall and a stove. Stop immediatly after you pass under the walk way.
Head down the hallway to the right of the white cube shelf.  Go left past the circular desks and right behind the wooden desk, then go to the green chairs and stop.
Go to the right of the white bookshelf, go straight down the corridor, turn right into the conference room and stop.
Exit the room, cross the dining room into the archway in the big circle, cross the kitchen area, and go into the middle of the room with the big painting and stop.
Turn left and walk out of the bedroom. Turn right and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn to the right and turn right at the white couch again. Stop near the first entrance on the right.
Walk past the coffee table and stairs. Stop just past the stairs.
Leave the room and enter the hall. Take a right and go down the stairs. Stop on the top stair.
Turn around, then turn right at the art niche. Pass under the archway and stop near the pillar.
Walk into the bedroom, past the desk and around the bed. Continue around to the other side of the bed and past the nightstand. Wait in the doorway near the vanity table.
Turn around and exit the room. Turn hard left and enter the bathroom. Wait by the mirror and sink inside the bathroom.
Go around the living room, and turn left towards the stairwell and foyer going straight ahead. Continue towards the door leading outside, stopping near the dining table and fireplace.
Take a right at the table and walk up the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Go through the door on the left, and go right then turn right and go passed the table and go through the left door towards the bed and stop.
Turn around and walk down the hallway.  Then walk down the stairs stopping in the middle of the stairs.
Enter the building, then go to the dining room area, up the small set of stairs, turn left, and take the first right down the corridor.  Stop between the bathroom and the laundry room.
Exit the closet into the hall. Go down the hall to the first door on the right and wait in the washroom.
Walk past the front door and the big chandelier and walk straight through the doorway on the opposite side from where you started.  Keep going straight down the hallway until you are standing under a hanging light in front of three paintings hung vertically.
Walk in the bathroom and take a left, stop directly in front of the white stand holding the egg like object.
Walk between the couch and the chair. Turn right and wait at the door.
Walk into the nearest room on your left. Walk through the room into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom and turn right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the mirror.
Walk down the walkway past the desks and wait in the first conference room on the right.
Exit the bathroom. Go straight until you get to a room. Wait there.
Leave the room and take a right into the hallway. Walk forward and go towards the dining table on the far side of the living room. Stop between the couch and the table.
Turn around and go straight, take a right before the doorway and head to the next doorway, then take a left head out the glass door and follow it pass the swing chair on your left, stop at the doorway to the gym.
Walk forward down the hall. Take the last left at the opening. walk forward into the bathroom. Stop in the bathroom in front of the bedroom doorway.
Walk straight into the room with the table and chairs and turn right.  Walk past the table and chairs until you are facing the wall with the paintings.  Turn left and walk straight down the hall and stop in front of the first door on the left into a bedroom.
Walk out of the yard and into the house through the dining room. Stop just inside of the dining room.
Walk forward through the office space and then turn right. Walk towards the Foosball table and turn left. Walk forward and wait near the rectangular table.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk into the entryway on the left and stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk past the green chairs and the reception desk. Walk past the Foosball table and stop by the table and chairs.
Walk towards the bed. Turn left and exit the bedroom by the northernmost door on the left. Turn right and wait by the first painting on the left.
Exit the bedroom door. Turn right and then turn left. Enter the door and turn right passing the small round table. Then make another right towards the kitchen. Stop inside the kitchen.
Walk outside and then back inside on the left side of the pool.  Stand behind the glass panel in the middle of the wall to the patio so you are facing the lawn chairs on the opposite side of the pool.
walk straight exiting the door then stop at the front of the wooden table.
Turn left at the single step, continue walking up forward up the steps, then take a left turn right after the red washer and dryer. Stop just in front of the bathroom door.
Turn left and walk through the door in the very back. Turn left once inside and wait by the center table.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the stairs and go through the door straight ahead. Walk down the hallway, past the double doors on the right. Turn right and wait by the formal dining table.
Turn left and then turn left again in the room. Enter the hallway and turn right to go through the archway. Stop in the far room with the toilet.
Face the steps. Walk towards steps. Walk up the steps. Turn right of the alter. Walk past the alter.
Leave the bathroom, walk down the hall and stop next to the bed.
Turn around and walk along the path towards the staircase. Turn right and wait by the entrance to the house with a pool table in the room.
Walk down the stairs that lead to the bedroom. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Go down the hall, through the sitting area and wait outside on the patio.
Turn around, walk down the hallway to exit the bathroom. Then take the first right to exit the bedroom and wait in the hallway near the window seat.
Exit room and turn right and go down the stairs and wait half way down them.
Walk forward through the kitchen on the left side. Take a left at the doorway. Stop in front of the door.
Leave the room and go up the first set of stairs. Go up the second set and stop on the second landing.
Go up the porch steps and enter the building. Wait inside the front door.
You need to go down the narrow hallway with the painting about Nixon and make a left when you get to the table, wait at the top of the stairs.
With the conference table to your right, head towards the stairs ahead of your and slightly to the left, then go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs in front of the abstract artwork on the wall to your left.
Walk through the kitchen on the left side. Go into the living room. Stop in front of the two tables in front of the chairs.
Go up the stairs until the middle then turn right and go all the way up the stairs then wait there by the pink vase.
exit closet, go through double doors, turn left and walk along bannister, stop at next wall.
Walk toward the open door which has a floor mirror to the left and a white bed also to the left. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Stop at the top of the stairs and turn left. Wait next to the dark railing.
Turn right until the tables are on your left. Walk across the lobby to the hallway ahead. Continue walking past the lockers on the right. Walk past the brown doors on your right. Stop in front of the windows.
Turn right and go down the stairs on the right. Wait there.
Go down the stairs and take a right. Walk towards the dining room on the right. Stop before the first chair on the left side of the table.
Exit the office via the door. Take a left and then another left into the corridor. Walk down the corridor. Stop before the doors.
Walk up the stairs and turn left. Walk left past the end table. Walk into the bedroom on the left. Turn right and stop just inside the closet.
Walk through the glass doors of the bathroom make a left and walk out the bedroom. Walk down the stairs and wait on the 4th stair.
Go down the hallway opposite the Christmas tree all the way down, then make a right at the snowmen wreath into the doorway and then stop.
Exit the room and stop outside in the hallway.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk to the left of the table and stop inside the next room.
Exit room and take the first doorway on the left.  Wait in from of the kitchen.
Go up the small flight of stairs and take a left down the hallway. Stop at the end of the painting on your left.
Walk down the hallway and turn right. Enter the room and wait in the doorway.
Head straight ahead past the sauna and stop before reaching the door to the right.
Turn around and walk all the way down the stairs. Make a left at the bottom of the stairs and walk through the open doorway. Make a left to the next open doorway.
Go down the stairs and continue in a straight line with the wall towards your left, then stop at the top of the next set of stairs leading down.
Enter the bathroom and take a right. Stop outside of the closet with the toilet.
Exit the bedroom to the right of the bed,  climbing up two steps, going to the right around the column. Go through the double doors to your right, and then take a hard right turn to walk three steps down the staircase.
Go straight until you get to teal and lime green chairs. Wait there.
Turn left and walk across the living room. Turn into the last doorway on the left.
Walk into the hallway area and walk around the banister railing past the stairwell. Continue down the hall and turn in the open door near the corner with a washer and dryer inside.
walk through the doorway exiting the bathroom, turn right at the vanity and walk through a second doorway, turn right and enter the sitting room, walk past the couch and through the doorway on your right. stop once you are out of the room.
Walk past the stairs, turn right, then right again. Walk toward the pool table. Stop by the sofa.
Turn around and take a left. Walk through the double doors and into the hallway. Walk down 2 stairs and wait there.
Turn right and go indoors. Walk past the bed and exit the room using the door on the far right. Wait in the hallway.
Exit the bathroom. Turn into the first door on the right. Enter the dining area. Exit the room through the door directly right of the wall clock. Enter the bedroom. Go forward to the rug. Wait there.
Walk straight down hallway until you reach hallway with lights on the walls. Stop at first light on wall.
Walk forward with the pews behind you. Go forward and walk down the aisle on the right of the pews. Stop once you pass the third pew.
With the main door at your back, locate the opening to the hallway.   Proceed down the hallway, following around a bend to the left.  Keep walking until you read a closed brown door with a men's bathroom sign on it.  Stop there in the hallway in front of the door.
walk down two steps and through doorway on the right of small black chair, stop before you reach yellow chair.
Walk towards green and yellow painting and turn left towards doorway. Go down hallway and turn left at the first doorway.
Exit the room and walk past the sink. Wait to the left, inside the bathroom door.
Walk to the left of the painting and past the stairs. Walk to the left of the statues and in the entryway to the left of the front door and stop.
Walk down the hallway and turn left.  Walk past the kitchen.  Turn left and wait by the stairs.
Go towards the stairs and down the hallway on the right. Go into the room on the right before the stairs. Stand in front of the two chairs.
Go up the stairs and make a U turn toward the left. Wait by the large wooden table with the black chairs.
Walk into the building and past the table and chairs. Walk across the hall and stop in the doorway of the bathroom on the left.
Pass the bed and chair and head towards the door. Exit  the door and turn right. Head down the hallway and turn left, pass the open door and stop once you reach the table.
Turn left and exit the closet. Once in the bedroom turn right and exit the room. Once out, turn left and go up the stairs. Stop on the 6th stair from the top.
Walk down the stairs, enter the room to the left and wait near the sink.
Exit the kitchen through the doorway to the left of the stove.  Once outside the kitchen, turn right and walk into the bedroom.  Stop after stepping onto the rug on the side of the bed.
Turn left and walk past the table, and the living room.  Go down the hallway and turn to the right.  Stop before you enter the room.
Exit the bedroom turn right then left into the dining room. Turn right into the kitchen and wait by the counter.
Walk forward and enter the room at the end of the hall. In the room take a left. Stop after you step off the first step.
Walk on the grass along the outside of the pool until you get to the gateway.
Walk through the common area and then take a right, stopping after the foosball table.
Walk down the hall between the paintings.  Walk straight toward the large glass doors on the other side of the adjacent room, past the couch and tables.  Exit the house by this large glass door and stop by the strip of grass that borders the pool.
Walk towards the inside doors.  Wait beside patio furniture.
Turn around and walk up the stairs. At the top turn right and walk to the other side of the table. Walk out the door to go outside and stop right before you reach the statue of a kid with a helmet.
Go across the dining room, and turn right next to the table with chairs in the next room.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn right. Walk to the bottom of the stairs and turn right. walk up the steps. Stop on the sixth step.
Walk down the hallway along the banister railing on the upper floor of the home. Walk through the open door next to the staircase. Walk into the room, which has a couch and chairs around a coffee table.
Leave the bathroom and take a left. Walk down the hall and go into the room close to the stairs.  Stop at the edge of the bed.
Walk to the center of the room, passed the columns.  Walk passed the ropes in the center of the room.
Walk down the hallway past the sofa and out the front door.  Turn right and stand on the deck.
Go along the table, towards the stairs, and up the stairs a few steps then stop.
Turn right and walk passed the white table. Cross the pillars and turn left. Then walk to the last pew and stop.
Go through the bedroom door and to the right. Walk all the way down the hall and wait at the end of the hall by the chair in the living room.
Moving parallel to the couch on your left, exit the room through the first available doorway on your right.
Go up the steps. Turn left and go through the door. Go straight into the hallway and walk straight until you get to a room with fuchsia chairs. Wait by the first fuchsia colored chair.
Walk down the hall and to the left. Stop in front of the table and chairs.
Go straight and slightly left. Head toward the last row of chairs and stand about 10 feet from the row of chairs right next to the column.
Leave the bedroom and walk counter clockwise around the bed.  Go through the doorway on the right side of the bed.  Stop after stepping into the hall.
Walk straight and pass the stairs. Turn left and go into the room. Walk straight until you get to the door with the windows on the right.
Walk past the tables and through the big walk through and stop at the table.
Walk down the stairs then go straight until you can't anymore. Turn left and head all the way down the hallway until you get to a room. Turn left to exit the room and go into the middle door. Wait at the entrance.
Go down stairs. At bottom of stairs turn right. enter bar, stop before bar counter.
Walk across the hallway to the other row of columns. Wait next to the circular structure with a roof.
Walk towards the white dining room set, and walk towards the door with the glass vase and flowers in the hallway. Stop right as you are walking through those doors.
Go through the small doorway into the next room, then turn right and go through the door in front of you.  In that hallway, go right and pass under the archway.  Stop in between the first two black tiles on the floor.
Turn around and go up the stairs to your left and then keep going to the next staircase and stop on the first stair.
Walk to the left the railing and past the chairs. Turn left and stop in front of the doorway.
Walk through the kitchen area around the counter and passed the refrigerator. Walk into the hallway and stop near the entrance of the dining room.
Turn around and walk towards the steps and turn right.  Go down the hallway to the end. Enter the door to the right of the black and white painting and stop.
Walk past the foot of the bed and outside to the deck.  Walk left of the ceiling fan and walk along the walkway.  When you get to a dining table and chairs, stand behind the middle chair on the side of the table closest to the building.
Leave the bedroom stop in front of the bathroom door.
Walk across driveway onto porch. Turn left and enter the house. Stop inside the house next to the gnome statue that is flipping me off.
Go straight then turn left. Exit the room. Turn left and go straight past the red curtain. Turn right.Wait at the entrance of that room.
Walk through the bedroom and through the double doors that lead into a hall. Walk around the banister rail past the staircase and wooden cabinet. Walk into the room with the open door near the cabinet.
Walk and turn slight right heading towards the door. Exit the door and turn left. Keep walking straight and stop on the left side of the left staircase railing.
Exit the room by going through the white door. While in the hallway, make a left and walk towards a few steps of stairs on the right. Go up the stairs and wait in a room that has a granite counter.
Walk up stairs.  When you reach hallway, turn left.  Enter the bathroom via the first door on the right.  Wait by sink.
Walk down the hallway and turn left and go into the room, pass the couches and turn right then wait by the black chair.
Walk up the stairs, turn left and wait in the laundry room doorway.
Go through the coumns towards the exit  Go through the arch to the right just before the exit and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk straight, past the banister, and into the bedroom.  Go past the seating area, and through the doorway.  You'll stop and wait in that little room with the desk.
Exit the door and turn right. Walk all the way forward towards the end and turn left at the room. Walk inside and stop there.
Turn around and exit into the hallway. Walk all the way down the hallway and enter the door to the right of the stairs. Stop once you are in the doorway to the bedroom.
Leave the living room and go down the hall. Enter the bedroom that is the last left. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk up the stairs, turn right, walk pass the table and wait near the statue.
Turn around and go diagonally across the kitchen to the hallway. Turn right and go down the hallway. Stop next to the left of the staircase.
Head to the base of the short flight of two steps leading upwards. At the base of the stairs, turn right and head for the sliding glass doors leading to the outside. Exit through those sliding doors and then exit the porch via the left exit, going down three steps and then stopping.
Walk out the doorway of the room. Turn right. Walk to the opening in the railing on the left.
Leave the room and walk towards the foot of the bed.  Walk to the head of the bed and leave the bedroom.  Start to go up the stairs and stop on the first step.
Exit the bedroom and turn right, then turn left, and turn left again to enter the office, and stop at the door.
Turn around and enter the house. Turn left and walk through the left hallway toward the paintings. Turn right again and walk across the hallway. Turn left on the left doorway and wait by the fridge.
Turn around and exit out into the hallway. Turn into the first door to your left and stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk down the stairs until they end in a large open area with a sitting area on the left and a kitchen area on the right.  Go left down a few stairs and turn left so you are facing a table with a yellow chair on the left and a yellow couch on the right.  Stop while you are standing here.
Go around the corner of the living room then ahead into the door on the left into the bedroom, then turn right and go into the door against the wall leading into the closet.
With your back faced towards the white wall take a right and walk through the open doorway and through the hallway made of glass walls. As you walk you will find a fire alarm on the left hand side followed by a door into a sauna. Take a left through that door until you face two sauna beds and that is your destination.
Turn to your right and go through the kitchen towards the dishwasher. Go through the doorway to the left of the dishwasher and turn left. Make your first right and then immediate left into the living room.  Stand in front of the white shag rug.
Go up the step then out to the balcony and turn left then go straight until you get to white couches with red cushions.
Walk past the sitting area, wait at the end of the white couch.
Turn around and walk away from the whiteboard between the conference table and the windows.Turn right when you reach the wall and walk forward and slightly right to exit the conference room. Turn left once you exit the conference room to walk towards the blue and grey chairs. Proceed forwards past the blue and grey chairs and turn slightly right to face the circular white thinkpods. Stop when you are facing the open side of the first thinkpod and a few feet away from the other conference room.
Enter the house and walk up the stairs. Wait next to flower vase.
Walk passing the foosball table, and turn right. Walk and pass the big white counters on the right. Turn left where the grey and blue chairs are visible. Pass those chairs and turn right, and enter the conference room and stop.
Walk towards the hallway with the arches. Walk past the pendant light and into the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom then turn left. Go past the stairs and straight into the room with the double yellow doors. Wait near the entrance.
Go straight past the bench on the left and down the steps. Wait there.
exit the bathroom then turn left exiting the door then turn right in the stairs then stop.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn right and walk to the end of the hallway. At the end, turn left and enter the room and stop once you reach the black and white rug.
Leave the laundry room and take a left. Enter the bedroom past the stairs. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Walk straight until you pass the plant. Turn right and go into the room. Pass the table and chairs then turn left. Go into the hallway and wait there.
Leave the bedroom and walk straight. Take the first right into the living room area. Stop in the doorway to the living room.
Walk across the living room. Turn right after passing the table with the two lamps. Stop at the front door.
Go up the two steps then turn right and go down the hallway and turn right into the laundry. Wait by the sink.
Walk toward the foosball table. At the foosball table, turn left and walk straight toward the room with the table and chairs. Enter the room and wait.
Enter the bedroom and wait in the en suite bathroom.
Turn left and go down the hall, then turn right and go passed the table. Stop before the toilet.
Walk past the couch towards the table. Stop in front of the table.
Turn around and exit the bedroom. Turn right and walk through the leftmost door. Walk towards the table turn slightly right and enter the right doorway. Wait in the kitchen.
Go down the steps on the left. Wait at the end.
Walk away from the furniture and walk down the narrow corridor on the balcony towards the door. Enter the doorway to the loft area and stop in the doorway.
Go right into the bedroom, and go into the bathroom in the back left corner.
Walk through the door into the open hall passing by the bedroom and into the living room area. Walk around the backside of the couches towards the love seats surrounding a coffee table on the other end of the room. Continue to the coffee table in the corner of the room with silver vases on top.
Go inside through the door next to the round table with two chars. Walk into the bathroom to the right of the bed. Stand in the doorway leading to the room with the bathtub.
Walk up the three steps and walk forward. Stop in front of the silver/gray bench.
Stand facing the white vase and then turn right.  When you enter the open room, turn right and walk all the way through the room until you reach the windows on the opposite side.  Once you get here, turn right again and stop at the base of the stairs.
Exit the bedroom and walk past the stairs. Turn left and wait on the rug near the TV.
Walk through the open door into the hallway near the stairs and armchair. Walk through the open double doors and into the bedroom area with blue and white bedspread. Walk out onto the balcony area.
Go down the stairs. Turn right and head directly away from the front door past the dining room entrance and stand in the entrance to the kitchen. Wait there.
Turn around and enter the door to the right of the clock. Once you enter the room, turn left and then exit out the first door to the left. Once out turn right and then enter the last door on the left and stop at the foot of the bed.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn right, walk straight down the hallway to the last door on your right. Enter the bathroom door and stop.
Walk forward through the doorway and turn left. Walk down the hallway and turn right. Wait at the base of the stairs.
go straight and take left and go stop at then right side door.
Leave the bathroom, and take a right. Walk past the stairs, and take the first right at the dining table. Stop behind the second chair.
Turn left to face the door and exist the utility room. Turn right in the laundry room and walk past the washer and dryer to the opening. Turn right and start to walk up the stairs.
Exit the bedroom, and turn right to enter the diagonal room. Enter inside, and stop in front of the round table with four chairs.
Turn left at the refrigerator. Turn left again and enter the dining room. Wait there.
Pass the stairs and turn right. Head down the hallway and turn right in the first door. Go into the room and turn left and go out to the hallway. Wait there.
Go towards the stairs and walk all the way up, and enter a room straight ahead, and stop there.
Walk across sitting room through bedroom into bathroom. Wait at mirror.
Exit the foyer, turn right, walk down the hallway, turn right, enter the bedroom, wait at the foot of the bed on the right side.
Exit the building and turn right. Walk toward the steps. Wait at the top of the steps.
With the flat screen TV behind you, move forward, turning to the left when you reach the kitchen. Stop in front of the refrigerator.
Walk through the door to the right of the dining table and chairs.  Keep walking straight through to the kitchen and stop just after you pass the flower decorations on the floor underneath the two framed pictures on the right.
Walk directly to the door in the back near the stairs.
Exit into the hallway and go through the room on the left.  Turn right and wait by the entrance to the room with the lounges.
Leave the laundry room and go straight into the entryway of the living room. Make a slight right and go into the bedroom on the left. When in the bedroom make a right and wait in front of the closet.
Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hall. Go down the stairs and stop on the fourth stair from the top.
Walk from the sitting room into the bedroom. In the bedroom take a right into the hallway outside the bathroom. Walk into the closet at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway.
Cross the room and to the left of the counter with chairs and then straight to the sliding glass door and step in between the table and the counter with the sink in it and stop.
Pass the foot of the bed and down the hallway.  Take the first left and walk into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the first sink and mirror.
Exit the closet and go into the bedroom. Cross the bedroom and wait outside on the patio.
Walk through the bedroom into the hallway. Turn right and wait in the kitchen doorway.
Go passed the first door, then enter the second door. Turn around and go through the other doorway and then enter in to the kitchen.
Walk toward the oven, turn left, then turn right. Turn left at the dining table and walk toward the door. Stop at the small table by the door.
Follow the yellow line away from the foosball table.  Turn left at the Thinkpod cubicle. go past the two chairs with the turquoise cushions. Turn right and step into the conference room.
walk across room to hall to the left of arched couch. continue down hallway stop at end of couch and a hallway to the left.
Leave the kitchen through the door on the right, turn left, walk forward, turn right, walk forward, turn left, and wait in the living room.
Walk towards the stairs. Go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs walk between the counter and the table. Make a left at the end of the counter and stop.
Turn left and exit the bedroom. Then walk down the hall.  Stop at the end of the stairs.
Go up the stairs. Stop next to bench and pictures on the wall.
Exit the door. Turn right and walk towards the door on the left. Enter the  bedroom door and head towards the bed and stop there.
Turn right and walk towards the sink. Turn left and walk towards the refrigerator. Turn right and walk forward, then turn left. Turn into the bathroom on the right and wait near the sink.
Please get out from bed room. Then take left. Near mirror.
Walk past the metal bench. Walk through the glass doors and turn right. Stop just past the corner.
Enter the bedroom and exit via the doorway ahead and towards the left. After exiting the bedroom, turn left and head towards the stairs. At the top of the stairs, stop.
Enter the bedroom through the first door on the left, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink.
Exit the sauna and go to the right side of the room, pass the wooden panels on the right and go right into the clothed archway, then go straight for a second and step into the doorway on the right then stop.
Go up the stairs and turn right. Stop on next set of stairs.
walk across room to foosball table, turn right and walk to edge of counter, turn left and walk to 2nd meeting room on right, enter room and stop before table and chairs.
Exit the kitchen and enter the dining room. Walk down the stairs on the left. Wait in the doorway at the bottom of the stairs.
Go inside. Walk straight and pass the couch. Wait near the white painting on the right wall.
Go straight until you get to the end of the hallway and stop by the white couches with the red pillows.
Go past the table and into the hallway.  Turn right and in behind the large sofa.
Go straight down the hallway. When you reach the end of the hallway turn left and go through the door. Make a slight left and go through the room with the four chairs surrounding the coffee table. Stop in front of the large picture of someone applying lipstick and wait.
Walk out of the living room towards the dining table. Veer left, and head into the sitting area ahead. Stop in the living room between the first chair and end table.
Walk through the dining area, into the hall and wait in the bathroom.
Face the urn. Turn left and walk toward the blue wall. Make a slight left and face the next room in the open doorway.
walk in front of couch towards two pictures hanging on wall, turn right walk past dining table towards cabinets, turn left and walk through hallway, stop in front of white vase.
Walk out of the bathroom. Turn left then right. Walk down the hall to the living room. Stop before the blue glass sculpture in the ceiling.
With the dining table on your right go straight into the entry room passing the living room on your right and take a left passing the bedroom on your left and go into the laundry room stopping inside the laundry room just on the inside of the doorway with the sink on your right.
Go straight toward the couches and wait there between the couches and the table and chairs.
Go to your left and exit the room. Then continue into the hall and turn left. Go all the way down the hall until you reach the table then stop.
Facing the balcony take a left. Go straight down the hall and stop before you go up stairs once you enter the room at the end.
Walk past the conference room table and turn right. Walk out of the conference room and turn left. Walk past the chairs and stop in front of the Thinkpod cubicle.
Walk closer to the door.
Leave the porch and walk between the couch and dining table, then make a slight right. Wait in the doorway of the hall leading to the kitchen.
Turn around and walk past the framed photo on the wall. Go down the stairs and wait at the bottom.
Go inside, go between the counter and the table and go straight, go to the slight right through the hallway and go just passed the picture on the right side of the wall and stop.
After you pass the table and chairs turn left and head straight until you get about ten feet from the fireplace.
Walk through the wine tasting room and enter the hall next to the stairs.  Turn left and enter the hallway. Stand next to the window.
Walk straight to steps Turn left and continue up steps. Stop on top of steps on checkered floor.
Facing the stairs go straight and up the stairs taking a left on the landing and take a right into the next hallway and take a right into the laundry room stopping in front of the first machine by the door.
Walk down the stairs to the lower floor. Walk passed the arm chairs around a coffee table. Continue down the room past the glass doors and table and through the open doorway at the end, which leads into a living room area. Walk past the couches and continue into the next living room area ahead near the door to outside.
Turn around and walk to the top of the stairs then stop.
walk to the left of the foose ball table, and to the right of the reception desk headed towards the large conference table. after you pass two think pods on your right, turn left before you reach the conference table, pass two chairs on your left and continue straight, after the two chairs walk through the doorway on your right and stop before you reach the conference table.
Go straight past the table and chairs then turn right and go straight until you get to the kitchen. Wait there.
Read the top of the first set of steps and then continue straight on the path to the left of the next set. Stop at the doorway to the next room.
Walk forward towards the stove and take a left. walk straight and take a right at the end of the counter into the dining room. In the dining room walk past the table on the right, and take a left into the entry way. In the entryway stop just in front of the door.
Walk out of the kitchen through the door on the left of the refrigerator. Take a right and go up the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair.
Walk to left of big marble center, turn left through doorway,  walk down hall and wait at second opening.
Turn around and go out of the kitchen through the door on the left. Once out turn right and stop in the doorway of the girls bedroom with dolls.
Cross the foyer into the hallway, then stop and wait near the mirror.
Walk down the hall away from the dining room. At the end of the hall take a right and enter the room on the right of the stairs. Stop next to the gold table on the right.
Turn to the left.  Go past the sink and the towel bar.  Stop there, just past the towel bar.  Wait there.
Turn around and walk to the stairs. Go all the way to the bottom of the stairs and stop.
Turn around and walk up the stairs. Turn right and walk towards the second set of stairs. Wait by the beginning of the second set of stairs.
Go down the hallway to the left, make a right, then stop next to the single light switch on the left.
Walk from the right side of the bed to the left side of the bed. Stop at the bottom left.
Turn right and pass the Christmas tree then go straight down the hall until you get to a hanging santa on the left wall and wait there.
Walk away from the conference table, and towards the two blue and black chairs towards the left, Turn right after the blue chairs, walk straight towards the fooseball table, turn left before the fooseball table, walk to the right of the table and stop.
Go straight and then after you pass the last thinkpod turn left and then turn right into the second office on the right with the large table and chairs.
Go up the stairs. Once you get to the top, turn left and go to your left. Stop right next to the table.
Walk up the steps and to the left. walk into the second doorway on the right. Stop by the chair.
Walk down the stairs and turn left, turn right at the first door and walk through kitchen through second door, stop after the door that leads into the garage.
Walk past the statue towards the corner window, keeping the railing on your right.  Turn right at the windows and past the top of the stairs.  Enter the room on the left and stop in the doorway.
Exit the room. Turn right. Go don the steps and then up the steps. Turn left and go into the room on the right. Stay there.
Leave the bedroom and turn left. go down the hall. Stand in front of the railing above the staircase.
Enter the dining room to the right of the green couch, enter the kitchen, wait at the bottom of the stairs next to the oven.
Go straight down the hallway and into the door. Go up the stairs on your left. Go up only one step then stop.
Walk past the shelves and wait next to the foosball table.
Leave the pantry and make a right to go into the dining room. Make a right and go through the entryway, then make a left and wait by the column on the left side of the living room.
Walk forward in between the recliner to your left and the couch on your right.  Take a right turn and stop before the rug that says "believe" in front of the door.
walk down hallway with dining table on left, walk through one doorway, turn right at the stairs, walk up one stair and stop.
Leave the bedroom and veer left. Go to the far dining area which is next to the fireplace. Stop next to the first chair you reach.
Enter the building through the door behind the patio table. Go past the dining table and wait in the doorway on the right.
Cross in the kitchen and turn right. Continue down to the cabinets and turn left again. Then stop in the entryway.
Walk through the double doors and past nightstand next to the white bed.  Stop after entering the closet.
Turn right and go up the stairs. Turn left and wait near the table and chairs.
Walk away from the living room and toward the door that leads outside.  Walk thought the doorway on the left.  Walk down the hall.  Stop when you pass the closed door on your right-hand side.
Look to your right and walk straight towards the closest yellow line, and make a slight left. Follow the yellow line until it starts to curve right. From here, hang left and walk straight into the meeting room full that is carpeted and full of chairs. Wait inside the meeting room.
Walk down the hall with the office on your left until you get to the waiting room on your right.
Turn right and go inside. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the tub.
Enter the bedroom then exit from the door on the left, through the double doors and through the opening on the immediate right. Enter the kitchen from there.
Leave the bathroom, and take a right. Take a right in the dining room and walk toward the TV room. Stop next to the couch.
Turn around and walk through the door. Walk forward and once you reach the living room, turn right. Then enter the door to your left and stop.
Leave the conference room and take a left. Walk straight and enter the conference room to your left. Stop inside the conference room doorway.
Go into the hall. turn right and go past the bathroom. Continue to the bedroom with the dark grey bedspread.
Walk across the kitchen and turn right at the desk area. Walk across the kitchen towards the ovens and then turn left. Walk forward into the door straight ahead and stop when you enter the room.
Head downstairs and walk towards the front door and make a left into the kitchen area.
Walk towards the main entry and go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs next to the light switch.
Go to the glass doors Go to the dining table Go to the lamp Go forward two metres Go to the vase.
Cross the room and wait in the en suite bathroom, next to the sinks.
Turn to the right and exit the bathroom. Once out, turn left and walk all the way down the hallway until it ends. Once it opens up into the living and dining room stop.
Go to the right side of the steps and walk up. At the top walk to the other side until you reach the chairs and then up the stairs to the right side. Once you go up three steps, turn right and go down the other set of steps. Stop at the door behind the desk, facing the stairs.
Go up the staircase and then into the bedroom, turn right and stop in the closet.
Exit the room and immediately turn left.  Walk to the lamp inside bedroom.  Wait here.
Go straight across through the other doorway.  Walk around to the other side of the bed and stand in front of the desk in the alcove to the right.
Turn right and follow the hall. Stop in front of the first door on the right.
Walk straight and turn left at the hallway then wait in the doorway of the first room on the left side of the hall.
Turn right and exit the room. In the hall, Turn right again and cross the bed. Then exit to the terrace and stop.
Turn around and then turn left to walk past the Think Pods and the long white open shelf. Once you pass the Think Pods and shelf, stop facing the glass wall.
Walk out of the room toward the fireplace.  Turn left and walk forward to the large painting on the wall.  Turn left and walk down the hallway.  Stop when you reach the end of the hallway, before you reach a four-way junction.
Go through the hall with six paintings. Go up the three stairs.
Walk out of the kitchen and take a right into the dining room. In the dining room take a right and go into the foyer. In the foyer take a left and stop between the pillar and the end table on the left.
Leave the living/dining area and make a right to go down the porch beside the pool. Make a right at the end of the porch and wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
Leave the bathroom, turn left, and then an immediate right. Wait by the kitchen sink.
Leave the bedroom and go into the dining room. From the dining room take a left at the second doorway and stop in the doorway.
Make a left at the hallway, go through open door on the left, take approximately five steps, then stop before the door to the outside on the right.
Go forward, and enter the room straight across the hall. Go up the stairs and take a right. Stop outside of the pink door.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk past the living room and continue into the bedroom on the right. Stop when you enter the room.
Turn left and go through the red curtian. Turn right and go straight into the room.
Exit room and turn left. go straight through the door on the left. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk towards the blue painting, go downstairs and stop at the bottom stair.
Walk up the stairs, stop on the first landing and wait by the artwork.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right into the room with the piano. Then go into the small kid's room with dolls in it and stop next to the table with the doll in a pink dress on it.
Exit the bedroom and turn right. Wait next to the kitchen counter.
Walk past double vanity. Walk into tv room. Walk past double mirrors. Wait at bedroom door threshold.
Walk down the hallway. Turn left at the stairs. Walk down the hallway past the chair. Walk onto the purple carpet. Stop in the doorway.
Go down the hallway until you get to the blue wall on your right. Stop there.
Go straight down the hall and turn left, then turn right and go straight.
Walk through the doorway on the left and turn right and stop in the bathroom in front of the sink.
Turn right at the blue wall through the doorway, walk straight down the hallway, stop right in front of the stairs.
Walk out of the kitchen door past the oven.  Walk into the dining room past the dining room table, and stop facing into the bathroom.
Walk forward toward the Thinkpods. Take a left in front of the Thinkpods and go straight. Stop outside of the conference room.
Go out of the laundry room opposite the garage, go slight left and then up the stairs, at the top of the stairs go slight right and through the big archway and take a couple steps in and stop.
turn right in hallway turn left into hallway with glass door, walk straight to open door at end of hallway, stop just inside bedroom at bench and mirror.
Enter the bedroom through the glass doors. Enter the hallway and wait in front of the double doors.
Walk clockwise around the pool and stop after passing the two lounge chairs on the other side.
Walk forward and then stop when there are stairs to the right. Turn left, enter the hallway with the bird pictures and wait here.
Go straight down the hallway and take a hard left at the bench.  Go up one step and wait by the corner light switch.
Walk passed the kitchen counter top and into the hallway on the other side. Walk through the tiled hall around the corner and passed the wall art into the next room. Walk towards the flight of stairs nearest the entry to the room.
Exit the bedroom toward the inside of the house, go through the doorway and straight on into the next doorway and then stop.
Move forward towards the seats with pillows, go though the entrance with the blue stairs sign, continue straight past the couch until you reach the entrance on the left.
walk through the doorways.  stop in front of the marble table.
Go to the bed Go to the television Go to the door Go to the vase Go to the white vase Go to the red chair.
Go through the red curtain. Turn right and go straight into the room. Go straight into the room with the light blue walls.
Walk straight toward the pool, turn right after you get to the end of the walk way and wait there.
Walk out of the room and turn right and walk to the bottom of the stairs. Walk up the two steps and stop on the landing.
exit the bedroom, turn right through the double doors,make a hard right,  down go down the stairs and stop mid way on the stairs.
Walk around the bed to the other side of the room and take a right when exiting the door. stop in the room outside the hall behind the chair.
Turn around and go into the hall behind you. Go into the first room on the left, and turn into the next door on the right.  Stop next to the chairs.
Climb the two steps next to you and veer right, going around the column. Exit the room via the double doors to your right and head to the top of the stairs leading downwards. Stop after descending one step.
Walk past bar. Walk down stairs. Make left at bottom of stair landing. Walk past art gallery wall. Wait at bathroom door threshold.
Go up the stairs then turn left and go into the far left door. Wait near the colorful painting on the wall.
Head outside. Go past the pool and back into the house. Stop by the wall.
Move forward to exit the bedroom towards the hallway. Wait on the staircase.
Walk forward, move into the room at the end of the hall, wait near the right side blue wall.
turn right go forward then take left at sofa then straight ahead and take left at chair then go straight  wait at the table.
Exit the bedroom and wait in the room on the left.
Turn right and walk through the bathroom past the shower.  Stand near the entrance of the closet.
pass by right of railing, stop at top of stairs.
Go forward and straight down the hallway. Take the last right and enter the bedroom. Stop once you enter the room.
Turn around and walk straight through the room between the chairs and the long narrow narrow cabinet. Turn right and go through the hallway. Enter the room straight ahead and stop at the rug at the large white chair.
Walk up stairs, and stop on the landing. Make a right, and walk up stairs. Make a right at the top of the landing. Walk past the console table. Wait at the threshold of the open door on the left.
Walk forward out of the bedroom door.  Turn right, then wait at the top of the stairway.
Walk down the hall towards the thinkpods. Stop next to the chartreuse chair near the hallway.
Walk down the hall past the stairs, enter the bedroom to the right of the paintings, turn left, enter the bathroom, wait in the doorway.
Go straight through the middle of the pews the the far pillar. Turn left passed the pillar and stop by the next pillar.
Turn right and head down the stairs to the bottom. Walk straight and turn left at the wooden cabinets.  Walk through the door and head left past the chairs. Walk through the first open door on your left and wait there.
Turn around and walk around the table to the other side. Stop near the sliding patio door.
Turn around and exit the room out the curtains. Once out, turn right and walk down into the door. Once you reach the table in the center of the room, turn right and stop in front of the area with blue tiles.
Walk past the lion picture on the wall and make a right to stand in front of the desk. Then make a slight left and wait in the doorway of the room beside the desk.
Exit the kitchen by turning right. Walk straight and wait near the stairs on the right.
Walk towards the white cabinet at the end of the hall and walk straight down the hall with the long white cabinet on your right.  Keep going straight until you get to a staircase and stop on the first step up.
Go straight through the sitting area and to the door located between the two large urns.
Go straight until you get to a large room. Turn right and then turn right into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Pass the bed and the couches and go into the closet door on the right side of the bed then stop there.
Turn left go into the corridor on the left and into the hallway on the left. Go through the door on the right and step down into the theater and wait on the right side of the first set of seats.
Go up stairs to landing, turn left and go up stairs. Turn left and go  through door into room with flower wallpaper and stop.
Turn around, exit the room. Turn right, go down the hall, turn right and then your first left, stop at the foot of the bed.
Walk to the end of the hallway and wait in the bedroom.
Walk behind you and into the communal bathroom then go to the sinks on the right.
Walk past the table and chairs then turn right and exit the office. Wait there.
Turn left at statue and enter house.Turn hard right and stop on stairs.
Walk through the office to the foosball table in the back.
walk past metal bench, down three stairs, turn left, first left and stop in bathroom.
go toward front door and up stairs, stop at top.
Cross the room with the television on the left, before the exit to the outside area turn left and go straight, make a left and passed the grey couches and go near the table and stop.
Walk up the stairs, turn right, walk to the sitting area, stop by the two tables.
Go up the stairs. U turn right. Walk about fifteen steps then wait there.
turn to right right and take a left at the sink, then take a left at the refrigerator and another left at the picture. Then enter the first door on your right and stop beside the towel.
Walk up the stairs. Turn right next to stairs up ahead and wait in the entryway.
Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left and then turn right. Wait near the couches.
Walk up the stairs on the right and wait on the top step.
Exit room through door on the right. Go straight and turn left at first doorway. Enter doorway and go down hallway. Turn right at doorway and enter doorway.  Wait inside doorway.
Leave exercise room and walk towards stairs, enter doorway in front of you, turn slight right towards table, turn right and walk towards the door by the pictures. Stop in doorway.
Exit the room. Turn left and go through the red curtain. Turn left and walk straight until you get to a strange looking fountain on the right.
Go up the stairs, turn right and then go passed the table towards the big window and stop at the window.
Exit the kitchen, and turn left. Keep walking all the way forward passing the staircase on your right. Enter the room that is in front of you at the end. Stop in front of the small table with a square vase.
Turn right and walk into the sitting area with the fireplace. Wait next to the white chair.
FACING A WALL MOUNTED TV FLANKED BY END TABLES AND LAMPS WITH A STAIRCASE TO THE RIGHT TURN SLIGHTLY RIGHT AND WALK TO THE STAIR CASE, TURN RIGHT AND WALK UP THE STAIRS, WALK TO THE LANDING AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRCASE.
Go into the room straight ahead. Wait near the bed.
Walk in the opposite direction of the microwave.  Turn right, and go up the stairs.  Stop on the platform right before the top of the stairs.
Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn left. Stop outside the bathroom.
Go to the right of the counter, go through the room towards the white statue, turn left and take a few steps up the stairs and stop.
Turn right and exit out the door beside the phone. Once out turn right and walk to the end of the hallway. At the end, turn left and then enter the next door on the left. Stop beside the red chair.
Turn left to walk down the hallway, then turn left again. Stop near the doorway on the right.
Walk into hallway and go straight. Stop at Hallway showing laundry room.
Walk down the stairs and enter the big open room.  Go left and head outside through the middle door.  Stop on the mat in the doorway just before stepping onto the patio.
Heading inside towards the bed, stay to the left of the bed passing the chair with an ottoman also on the left. Turn towards the left to passed through doorway with sliding doors. Head to the sink on the left side stopping at the white rug.
Walk towards the couches on the left. Go past the sitting area, and into the yard. walk to the lounge chairs. Stop once you reach the paver blocks right before the first lounge chair.
Go up the stairs that are to the left of the two white doors, which are to the left of the kitchen.  On the first landing, make a right, and continue up the stairs.  On the second landing, make a right and continue up the stairs.  At the top of the stairs, make a right and walk past the circular table with the grey chairs.  Stop when you get to the get tot he two small tables on the rug.
Enter the building through the sliding doors behind the table. Veer left and walk past the bed and nightstand. Then wait by the bedroom doors.
Go into the near intersection and make a left, go straight and then make a left into the archway to the left of the brown double doors, go straight a couple of steps and make a right into the archway and then stop.
Walk through the foyer to the bar area.  Continue through the doorway, into the living room, toward the French doors.  Turn left, walk through the living room, and to the doorway next to the fireplace.  Stop in the doorway.
go straight down the hallway, enter the bedroom. turn right.  stop in the bathroom door way.
Walk in the house and through the bedroom to the open doors.  Wait by the first door to your right.
Exit the sauna. Travel straight through the white room to the green sign. Go through the door under the sign. Turn left and travel through the hallway to the potted plant. Turn left and stop.
Walk past the foot of the bed and wait at the dressing room door on the right.
Turn around and walk along the tables and chairs to the end of the area. Turn right and enter the bedroom. Enter the doorway left of the bed and wait by the green chair.
Walk toward the bench and turn right down the hallway. Walk to the end of the wood paneling and stop.
Walk towards the dining table.  Continue past the dining table, and wait near the doorway.
Walk forward toward the Thinkpods. Take a right at the white bookcase. Stop in front of the bookcase.
Walk indoors and leave the bathroom through the door on the left into the bedroom. In the bedroom exit onto the patio. Walk through the doorway that separates the two parts of the patio. Stop here in the doorway.
Go up the stairs. Turn left. Go straight all the way until you get to a fuchsia colored chair.
Veer left to walk around the exterior table, then turn left and walk along the building. Pass the sliding glass doors of the great room and then wait by the round table on the exterior.
Walk down the stairs. Pass the painting, and walk towards the second step of stairs. Walk down about three steps, and stop there.
Exit the fancy bathroom then turn left and exit the bedroom.  Walk through the sitting room and enter the hallway with the main stair case.  Walk down a few stairs and stop before the landing.
walk across room  towards hallway, turn left at hallway, continue down hallway straight, enter dining room stop at table and chairs.
Walk past the Joyful Welcome sign on the door to the left. Walk past the framed picture of the antique car on the left. Make a left in front of the wreath with two large snowmen. Wait at the wreath with one small snowman on the left.
Turn right and walk past the shower and sink area. Once past the sinks, turn left and stop close to the white flowers in the middle of floor. Face the mirror and closet.
Walk past the exits and wait inside the first room on the left.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the room and to the right of the chairs. Turn right and walk into the hallway. Walk past the armoire and turn right. Walk down the hall and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk up the stairs, turn to the left and walk up the rest of the stairs. Turn right at the curio cabinet and stop at the end of the metal banister.
Turn left and walk through the living room and into the dining room.  Wait near the dining room table.
move forward between the dining room table and the cabinets towards the hallway, continue into the hallway and turn left after passing the kitchen, stop in the first section of the hallway on the left.
Turn right and pass through the living room with the black chairs and flat screen TV mounted on the wall, exiting through the sliding glass door. Turn left and go down the stairs. Wait there.
Exit the laundry room and turn right once out the door.  Walk down the hallway past the door to the left and then past the door to the right and turn left into the living room. Stop just past the tile line that is closest to the sofa and on the line between the sofa and the wall.
Walk past the statue on the left and continue past the chairs and near the open white doors, stopping once you're near the end of the room near the closed white doors.
Exit the TV room, walk across this sitting area and wait by the large dining table.
Go forward down the hallway. Go to the  animal print stair way, and stop on the second stair from the top.
Exit current room make a left, then make a right and head toward stair case, and wait near thermostat.
Walk outside and take a right. Take a left in the driveway and walk to the stone and dirt patio. Stop once you are on the stone at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk through the kitchen passed the sink. Walk around the kitchen island counter. Walk towards the couches facing the large window. Walk around the corner into the open room with abstract painting on the walls.
Walk towards the hallway on the left, go down the hallway, and wait by the sofa.
Go down the hallway, go until you're going along the railing and stop before the two lamps.
Head down the sidewalk near the pool. Once past the pool go right into the grass and then back left stopping at the top of the stairs.
walk straight down hallway, turn left at the end. stop next to person sitting on couch.
Exit bathroom to bedroom and go to hallway. Turn left in the hallway and stop at stairs going down.
Leave the bathroom and bedroom. In the hall take a left. Walk in the direction of the stairs and enter the TV room at the end of the hall. Walk straight into the bedroom and stop before you reach the rug.
Going up the flight of stairs each landing take a right to continue with stairs. Through doorway go passed the dining room table on the right and the banister to the left stopping just before the coffee tables.
Exit the laundry room then turn left. Turn right following the hallway. When you get to the end of the hallway, wait by the first white chair/couch.
Walk towards the stairs, go up them.  Turn to the right and go into a laundry room.  Stand right just inside the doorway.  Wait there.
Exit the room then turn left. Go up ten steps and wait there.
Exit the room, proceed through the foyer, pass the entry doors and turn left. Then turn right into the living room. Wait by the chairs.
Walk through the open room passed the green and blue chairs towards the kitchen area. Walk around the table soccer game and stop near the painting on the wall.
Turn left and walk past both the living and dining areas on your right. Enter the small area through the open double doors ahead of you.  Wait under the light fixture.
Walk forward until you reach the end of the white sofa on your left. Continue walking forward until you come to the hall on your left. Walk down the long hallway. Continue walking until you're on the wooden floor ahead of you. Enter the dining room. Stop and wait directly behind the chair at the head of the table.
Leave the bedroom and take a right.Take a left into the living room and walk past the dining room table. Go forward into the bedroom and stop in the doorway.
Walk into the kitchen and up the stairs to the right.  Then enter the laundry room on your right.
Walk down the hall toward the Christmas tree, then wait in front of Christmas tree.
Enter the house and go to the right after you go between two columns.Walk into the sitting room and wait by the doorway.
Walk through hallway towards glass door. Wait at wooden bench.
Go down the stairs and take a right. Stop at the bottom of the first flight of stairs, next to the man in the scuba mask.
Walk out of the bathroom. Turn left. Walk past the staircase. take a right at the next doorway. Wait by the sink.
Exit the bathroom and take a right. Turn right and stop next to the couch.
Walk all the way up the stairs and through the door to the open area.  Keep going straight and pass the round table and chairs.  Walk to the front door and stop on the mat next to some white flowers.
Go inside and go between the white couch and dining table. Go through the doorway with a painting on both sides. Once through the doorway, go into the bathroom. The bathroom in the first door on the left.
Walk forward to the end of the counter and then walk through the door. Walk down the hall and turn left at the first doorway. Walk through the door move forward to the door on the right and stop at the doorway.
Walk past the table and chairs and couch and through the dining room and to the right of the table and chairs. Walk to the left of the table with the flowers and turn left. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs and stop on the fourth step from the bottom.
Leave the bathroom by exiting to the doorway on the right. Pass through the open wooden door and make a left through the fabric in the doorway. Go towards the window and stop at the entrance to the open door. Wait there.
Go up the stairs and take a right. Stop outside the bathroom door.
With the BBQ preparation area to your left, go forward and then left through the sliding glass doors. Walk into the room parallel to the grain on the wooden floors until you can climb a set of two stairs to your right just before the wall.
Exit the room through the hallway door, then wait at the stair landing next to the pedestal.
Walk forward with the dining room on your left. Take a left at the end of the hall, and take a right into the office. Stop next to the tic tac toe table.
Exit the sauna and go straight down the hallway, and stop near the instructions on the wall.
Walk next door and wait in the hallway outside the bathroom.
Turn slight left and walk down the aisle to the back.  Turn right then go around the column. Stop near the poster in the window.
Walk forward down the hall with the plates on the wall on your left. Continue down the hall and stop right where the hallway curves.
Go around the half wall and go down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk past the dining table and turn right into the kitchen. Stop by the vacuum cleaner.
go through the glass doors into the bedroom.turn right and walk past the chair into the bathroom and stand by the sink closest to the bathtub.
Walk past the group of chairs and straight back to the conference room on the right side of the room.
Exit the garage using the door on the far right. Pass the door on your right and then turn right in the hallway. Turn left into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Exit room and walk up the set of stairs.  Wait in front of the mirror at the top of the stairway.
Walk forward down the hall and exit through the glass doors. Go into the closet on the left of the stairs. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the dining room through the first archway on the left. Wait on the stairs near the first landing.
Move to the long wall with dividers on it to your left. Turn right and travel down the hallway. Pass the electronic devices on the wall to your right and enter the bigger hallway. Turn right and pass the brown and blue couch on your right. Keep moving down the hallway, passing the decorations on your left. Move into the circular room with the curved blue couch on the left. Stop after three feet.
Leave the aromatherapy area, and take a right. Enter the bathing room and go straight. Stop in the nook at the end of the room.
Exit the room into the main hallway and turn right. Then walk midway down the first set of stairs and stop near the banister.
Move a slight right and walk through the breezeway towards the table. Turn left and enter the house through the open doors. Walk between the couch and the dining table. Exit the room through the doorway between the two paintings. Wait in front of the bathroom.
Exit the kitchen and turn left then go into the living room. Proceed down the hallway next to the living room.  Stand near the light switch.
Walk into foyer. Walk upstairs. Wait under crystal chandelier.
Walk down the aisle and wait in the foyer next to the windows.
Proceed through the hallway past the flowers and kitchen. Enter the great room, pass the stairs and then wait by the dining table.
Enter the bedroom, pass the bed, and walk through the corridor. Pass the two brown doors, and keep walking straight, and walk up the first two stairs and stop there.
Go down the stairs, and take a right. Enter the sunken living room. Stop beside the right armchair.
Exit the sauna and go down the hallway, a few steps into the hallway with the wooden wall on the left and stop.
Exit the exercise room thought the double glass doors with an analog clock centered above the doors. Once through the doors, veer right and head to the stairs leading downwards. Take two steps down the stairs, then stop.
Turn around and exit the room. Once you enter the large room turn left. Walk past the Think pods and turn right. Stop when you are at the door for the first think pod.
Go to the end of the hall and stop behind the recliner.
Exit conference room. Go forward toward the yellow line on the ground ahead. After passing the cushioned chairs on the right, turn right into desk area. Wait there.
With the washer and dryer on your left, walk through the utility room. At the doorway, go up the stairs to your left and go into the room at the top of the stairs with an open door.  Enter the bedroom and stop after stepping inside.
Exit the bathroom and go past the bed and out to the patio though the glass sliding doors. Wait near the basket with towels.
Turn 180 degrees. Walk past three framed paintings on the left. Walk through doorway to the hall. Stop just past the double doors leading to the outside.
Turn right and walk down the hall. Turn left and walk toward the plant in a blue pot. Stop next to the blue pot.
With the double doors on your left, walk straight down the hall.  Keep going straight until you pass the stairs and stop a few feet away from the table with leather chairs and two white plants on top of it.
Turn around and walk past the large table exiting the room via the leftmost door. Walk across the second table and wait by the counter.
Exit room and walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk straight until you pass the stairs. Go straight into the room by the stairs and wait there.
Walk down the stair, at the end of the stair turn left then go straight to the kitchen.
Follow the glass rail on the right to the stone sidewalk. Turn right at the chairs and wait on the grass on the corner.
Walk down hallway towards picture frame on wall. Wait in front of picture frame on wall.
Walk past the bathroom and to the right. Stop just outside the bedroom.
Leave the bathroom and take a right in the kitchen. Pass the living room and stand in front of the stairs on the right.
Go straight down the hallway and take a right into the bedroom passed the stairs.
Exit bathroom to bedroom, walk to small desk with two lamps and stop.
walk across the patio past the white chairs then make a right and walk into the bedroom and wait there.
Exit the restroom. Make a slight right to enter the den. Go left to exit the den. Wait in the doorway next to the double glass doors.
walk past bed, turn right before dresser, walk straight and into doorway to bathroom on left walk past bathtub and shower and stop in doorway.
Walk towards the front door to the house which is open. Walk around the staircase and walk into the open door to the room with the washing machines.
Leave the room and go up the stairs. Stop on the stairs in the corner where you can see the chair through the doorway.
Leave the room and go straight. take the last left into the hall. In the hall take the last left into the bedroom. Stop in front of the right side of the foot board.
Walk towards the fireplace, and down the hallway to the left of it. Stop inbetween the glass wall on the left and the marble wall on the right.
Walk down the stairs and turn right. Walk through the kitchen past the oven. Walk through the entryway and stop in front of the dining room table and chairs.
Walk through the dining room. Walk past the bathroom, on the right. Walk past the dining room on the left, and the wine storage on the right. Wait at the back of the white loveseat.
Turn  right  and exit the room. Turn left and walk along the hallway. Turn left on the first doorway to you left. Wait by the entrance to the restroom.
Walk straight until you see couches with red cushions. Wait there.
Go down the hallway towards the stairs. Stop at the foot of the stairs.
Walk to the left of the Thinkpods. Turn left and walk to the right of the two tall blue and black chairs.Then take the next right into the meeting room. Stop once you are inside, in front of the large meeting table.
Walk past the black massage chair and through the double doors. Walk past the couch and stop by the vertical picture display.
Turn around to walk past towards the large column. You will pass a fireplace on your right and a bed on your left. Move to the right of the column, avoiding the seating area with the tan couches. There is a short hallway where you can move forward and slightly left into a bathroom, or you can go forwards and slightly right to exit the bedroom suite into a hallway. Go out of the bedroom suite and into the hallway. Turn left to move towards the stairs that are going up. Walk along the hallway past the stairs going up and just past the large wall hanging that looks like an old fashioned admittance ticket. (This wall hanging is in the hall and on your left. It has the words "On Stage From San Francisco" on it). Move forward down this hallway and straight ahead towards the greenish double doors. Stop as soon as you are standing inside these double doors. You should be facing an office type area with light stone slab type floors.
Go past the large white and black picture, through the purple doors, towards the stairs going down.  Wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk down the stairs, turn right and wait at the coffee table with the couches around it.
Walk straight to exit the kitchen. Turn left then turn right to go into the hallway. Turn left to go into the bathroom. Wait near the first sink.
Walk along the patio with the pool on your left. Enter the bedroom through the last door on the right. Walk to the left side of the bed and take a left into the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet.
Exit the bathroom, then walk forward around the bed and exit the bedroom into the hallway.
Proceed on the walkway towards the doorway keeping the rail on your right. Stop just before reaching the doorway and wait there.
Walk across the room and wait outside the closet.
Walk into the living room and take a left at the wall. Go down the hall and take a right and stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Go down the hallway passed the lockers on your right and continue down the hallway, in the circle room go slight left into the doorway to the left of the blue couch and stop.
Walk right into living room, continue straight into bedroom. Stop between two chairs.
Exit the room using the door on the left then turn right and head down the hallway. Go into the room straight ahead and wait near the bed.
Walk to the far end of the hall, into the bedroom and stop in the en suite bathroom.
Go up the stairs to the right towards the table with the vase continued down the hall into the large marble bathroom.
Go into the kitchen and stop next to the fridge.
Walk past the bed and into the hall past the stairs. Turn left and and stop in the bathroom doorway.
Go stand on the third step on the far side of the stairs, next to a large column.
Exit the bathroom, and turn right. Enter the living area, and turn right again. Go forward. Enter small corridor. Turn into the door on the left. Go toward the bed. Wait there.
Make right after four wall mirrors. Make left into bedroom. Wait in closet.
Follow the railing clockwise, going down a few steps, and stop a few feet to the left of the framed art over a bench.
Walk down the stair and veer right going through the blue doorway. Stop on the top step next to the fireplace in this bedroom.
With the banister to the right and the wall to the left, walk down the hallway until you can turn left. Enter the room through the leftmost door.
Pass the bed and go outside using the double glass sliding doors then turn left and wait by the large patio table and chairs.
Turn to the left and go into the hall, then go to the right and up the stairs. Go to the top and stop.
Turn around, go straight and turn right to go outside. Stop before the stairs.
Walk down the hall and walk to the left of the couch. Walk past the yellow chair and stop in the doorway.
Go to the left and into a bedroom.  Walk past the foot of the bed and turn right.  One you are in the next room, stop and wait.
Turn right and walk down the hallway until you reach the wall. Turn right and walk straight ahead. Near the end of the hallway turn right and go into the bathroom.
Turn right into the hallway and cross over into the bedroom. Stop and wait in the doorway.
Turn around and walk passed the rail on the right. Turn left into the hall and go into the bathroom on the left.
go down stairs and turn left in hall, go straight down hall turn right at bathroom. Stop inside bathroom door.
Walk around the bed, and exit the bedroom. Make a hard right into the office, and wait at the office door threshold.
Walk down the hall and past the stairs and turn left. Walk past the couch and stop just past the plant.
Walk through the large entry way on the left. Go across the room and go into the left door in the corner. Stop inside the doorway.
Go straight past the armchair. Go through the door. Take a slight right towards the next door and go through it.
Turn right and walk down the hall. Turn left and continue down the hall. Turn left then right and  walk up the stairs.
Turn left and go down the hall. Turn right by the painting and continue. At the beginning of the next room, stop.
Exit bedroom, make a left and walk past stair case, make a left, walk toward living area, and wait.
Turn around 90 degrees facing the wall behind you. Walk forwards past the chairs. When you get to the wall take a right and pass the chair at the end of the table. Walk towards the large door opening and exit the room. Stop.
Turn right of the picture, go down the hallway towards the table, take a left into the next doorway on the left of the angled entranceway, then right, and stop at the top of the stairs just at the theromostat.
Leave the bathroom, take the first left and then take a right, stopping in the doorway.
Make a right at the top of the stairs and go into the first room on the left. Go straight and go into the bedroom directly in front of the door you just went in. Make a right in the bedroom and go into the bathroom. Wait just inside the bathroom.
Leave the garage and enter the house and go in the hallway. Take your first left and walk to the end of this hallway in the foyer. Stop just inside the foyer in front of the doorway.
From the doorway exiting the room, go right towards the room with the fireplace. Go past the fireplace on the right hand side and enter the small hallway leading off to the right. Take another right turn and go to the foot of the stairs.
Walk down the hallway, past the staircase and wait inside the sitting room at the top of the stairs.
Walk straight down the hallway turn right and go up the steps on the right. Go up six steps then stop.
Walk away from the kitchen and up the steps.  Turn to the left and go through the walkway on your right.  Walk towards the laundry room.  Turn right and stop just inside the laundry room.
Go left, and go to the right of the pews straight ahead. Stop 15 feet from the statue of the man.
Walk thru the doorway in front of you. Walk alongside the wall on the right. Keep going straight past the curtains and thru the door at the end of the hall.
Walk to the far end of the balcony and wait by the patio table and chairs.
Exit the garage, enter the laundry room, wait at the sink.
Exit the room and make a left.  When you pass the two teal-and-grey chairs, make a right.  On your left will be a foosball table and a kitchen area with a microwave and a sink.  Stop in front of that sink.
Walk all the way straight until you see a bed that is visible right in front of you. Enter that bedroom, and stop there.
go to door opening.  stand next to record player.  go to doorway near the long skinny table.
Exit the room. Walk straight past the large table and chairs. Exit the room using the door on the left. Go straight into the kitchen. Wait near the dishwasher.
Make a right and exit room, make a right, then make a other right and head toward bathroom.
Walk forward into the dining room and walk straight ahead. In the dining room take your second right and enter the foyer. Take a left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Leave the room going to the left. Take a left into the bedroom on the left. In the bedroom walk to the closet and stop in the doorway.
Walk out of the bedroom and make a right at the staircase. Walk through the doorway at the end of the hall and straight into the bedroom. Walk to the door going outside and wait in the doorway.
Exit through red door, walk forward and make a right toward stair case and wait on the stairs.
Turn around and walk out the door to go outside to the right of the TV. Once outside, turn right and enter the house straight ahead. Turn left and stop in small area with a marble wall.
Turn around and follow the table. Go through the door and stop in front of the dishwasher.
Pass the bench and turn left into the house. Go straight into the hallway. Wait there by the clear vase with the pink flowers on the right.
Walk into the bedroom. Enter the bathroom on the far side of the bed. Take a right into the bathing area. Stop once you pass the doorway to the outdoor shower.
Walk down the hallway with the black railing. Walk past the painting and brown door. Stop in front of the two framed pictures.
Leave the bar and take a left. Take a right at the end of the hall, and enter the pantry. Stop in the pantry doorway.
Enter the foyer, walk to the bottom of the stairs, enter the laundry room, wait at the sink.
Move forward to hallway. Turn right down hallway. Move to end of hallway and wait.
Exit the door and turn right. Walk up the stairs, and stop at the top in front of the pink door.
Exit bathroom. Turn right and enter door. Go forward near chair. Turn right and enter door. Go into kitchen and stop.
Walk towards double beds. Leave massage room on your left. Turn right and head down hallway. Continue straight past potted plant. Wait in front of hallway that will open to your right.
Go in the patio doors. Walk past the chair in to the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Turn around and walk through the doorway. Turn right once through the door and walk forward down the hallway. Turn right and walk to the bottom of the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop on the step just below the first platform.
leave the room, go down the hallway past the white sofa, go to dining room.
Go up the steps, across the driveway, and on the deck to the right.
Go forward toward the living room. Take the first left before you go down stairs. In the hall take a left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the flower on the counter.
Go around the couch and through the study. Exit through the door on the left of the bookcase and fireplace.
Walk into the second door on the left . Walk down the hall to the left of the end table. Turn right into the bathroom and stop.
Walk out the door and down the hall. Stop at the bathroom at the end of the hall.
Walk around the bed and out the sliding glass door on the left. Follow the concrete pathway past the pool. Step into the house and wait near the marble wall.
Travel toward the large vertical panels and go through the doorway. Turn left and travel to the first hallway on the right. Go down the hallway and enter the doorway on the right. Locate the two similar paintings on the wall ahead.. Go through the door to the large room ahead and travel four feet towards the paintings.
Turn right and exit the room to the right. Once out, turn left and then enter the bedroom door on your left. Stop once you enter the doorway.
Walk in between the table and couch, entering the room to the immediate left of the brown door.
Leave the kitchen and turn left. Go through the doorway and enter the next room. Turn right and walk toward the next doorway to your right. Go through the doorway and stop inside the bathroom.
Go left at the top of the stairs. Walk past the sitting area and enter the bedroom on the left. Stop once you pass the door.
Walk past the stairs on the left. Walk past the bathroom, and then wait in the threshold of the laundry room.
Turn left. Wait next to the wall across from the fountain.
Walk forward down the hall. Go down the first set of stairs. Stop on the fourth stairs down.
Turn right into the curtained walkway, then stop in the doorway to the lounge room.
Walk into bedroom. Wait at bathroom door.
Turn right, go around the dining table and turn right, going into the kitchen. Stop at the end of the breakfast bar.
Walk through the double doors, past the potted tree, stopping under the green sign.
Go straight past the mustard couches on the right. Go out the door to the patio and wait there.
Walk through bathroom. Walk past hall mirror. Make right after console table. Wait at bathroom door threshold.
Walk through living room and turn left. Walk into foyer and wait by door on right.
Enter the bedroom and walk past the bed into the hallway.  Turn left immediately and walk into the adjoining hallway. Turn left again and walk down the hall. Stop inside the bathroom.
Turn right at the bottom of the stairs, and walk forward passing the picture frame on the left side of the wall. Enter the dining table area, and stop there.
Exit the bedroom, enter the dining room, exit the dining room, wait at the cabinet.
Walk forward past the bed on your left and out of the bedroom into the hallway. In the hallway walk forward and go up the first two steps at the bottom. Stop on the landing of the stairs.
Go to the far side of the conference table. Stop in front of the garage door before you leave the conference room. Stop behind the second chair on your right looking at the table.
Facing the opening with the window behind you go forward and slightly left going straight stopping in front of the two pillars to the right of the pillars with the carpet between them.
Exit the closet and take a right.  Take another right through the door and wait at the bathroom directly in front.
Walk around the copier and turn right. Go through the doorway that has a crucifix above it. Cross the hall and enter the door to the left of the Santa hanging on the wall. Stop by the whiteboard.
Go between the sink and the countertop, turn left along the side of the counter, t towards a large table and chairs.  Stop before you reach them.
Walk past the refrigerator and leave the kitchen. Walk into the living room and stop in front of the black chair close to the rug on the floor.
Go forward towards the stairwell. Go up the marble steps, and go down them on your left. Stop in front of the three individual chairs.
walk across dining room into living room straight to stairs. stop at bottom of stairs.
Walk forward and exit the living room through the kitchen. In the kitchen take the first left, and then a left into the dining room. Stop next to the cabinet on the left.
Walk past the table and the living room. Walk through the sliding glass door and stop on the deck.
Turn around and go out of the bathroom. Turn right into the sitting room, and turn right to go out to the top of the stairs.
Go forward and take a left at the pillar, wait beside the pew.
walk away from the stairs on the right and take a right. Go straight down the hall and take the first left. At the end of the hall enter the living room and stop at the edge of the couch.
go up the stairs then turn right, walk straight then turn right and wait at the front of the bed.
Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. In the bedroom walk out of the room. Take a right and head to the foyer. In the foyer stop in the middle of the foyer right after the ceiling height is higher.
Go down the stairs all the way to the bottom and wait there.
Walk down the hallway and turn left. Go down the steps and wait in the kitchen.
Exit the bathroom, go right passed the counter with the globe on it, go straight into the intersection and go into the bedroom on the left, step into the closet doorway and stop.
Go up the stairs then go past the table and chairs. Turn left and wait near the window with the vase.
Go forward to the bottom of the first staircase, continue to the top of the next staircase. Go down the stairs and stop on the third stair.
Walk down hallway, past columns, to the large steps.  Go to the second step, then walk across the step to the ropes. Go over two sets of ropes. Go up to the second step of the next set of large steps, then stop.
Leave the bedroom, and go straight down the hall. Take a left into the bedroom. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Walk forward to the dining table. Go past the table on the right and enter kitchen table. Stop behind the first chair in the informal dining room.
Move to the front of the church and wait behind and to the left of the lectern that's to the left of the altar.
Exit the room and walk through the hallway.  Turn left.  Walk into the room on the left with three chairs.  Go through the room and stop in front of the large painting.
Exit the bathroom through the open doorway with the wooden door and brass handle. Proceed forward and to your left. Enter the living room in front of you.  While turning right, go through the first open doorway on the right..Keep going forward until you see an open doorway on your left. Turn left and enter that room, Walk through that room then stand still in that next doorway.
Stand so the pool is to your left and walk into the first bedroom on the wall ahead of you.  Walk past the bed on the left side and keep going straight until there is an opening on the right.  Turn into the bathroom and stop just after stepping inside.
enter house off porch, turn slight left to avoid furniture and walk across living room to hall. turn right in hall and enter bathroom. stop at sink.
Walk out of the bathroom into the bedroom, Turn right and walk through the doorway to exit the bedroom. Stop.
Walk straight down the hall passing the office on the right. Keep going down the hall past the living room on the right. In the hallway take a left before you come to the dinging room. In the hall take a right into the kitchen and stop just inside the doorway.
walk down the rest of the hallway towards a window with trees outside, continue past a doorway on either side of you, turn right and walk down two stairs, turn left, and walk to the left of the kitchen island, turn left after the second black chair, turn right at the cow print chair and walk outside to the left of the table, walk down the stairs on the left and stop.
Head to the end of the hall and wait in the bathroom.
Go to the staircase and then go down the stairs.  When at the bottom, you'll turn to the left and go into the first doorway.  You'll be in a bedroom with a lot of pillows on the bed. You'll need to wait there.
Turn around and go past the bed and to the outside door.  Go through the door and onto the grassy area by the pool.  Stop when you get to the chairs.
Walk through kitchen. Make right at Family Rules art. Walk up stairs. Wait at photos on stair landing.
Go down the narrow hallway until you are past the thermostat. Wait there before the end of the hallway.
Turn around and walk in between the pool and the hot tub. Once you pass them, turn right and stop in front of the outside shower on the wall.
Walk through the doorway into the bedroom. Walk around the bed passed the glass wall. Continue into the bathroom area.
Exit the mudroom, go to the end of the hall, turn left and wait by the door to the wine room.
Walk straight out the door you are facing. Go straight ahead and cross the room and out the door to go outside. Once outside, turn right and walk to the end of the white loveseat. Stop at the end of the loveseat facing the wooden table and chairs.
Turn around and exit the movie area. Turn right and walk across the room. Exit the room and turn left. Walk along the hallway and wait by the first door to the right.
Stand so the fountain is behind you and turn left in the hallway.  Walk straight until you enter a room with a large table in the middle.  Stop when you get to the table.
Walk around the couch towards the patio and turn left. Walk down the walkway. Stop next to the fireplace.
Go forward and into the kitchen area. Walk over to the foosball table and stop.
Walk down hall and into kitchen. Walk across dining room through large glass doors and onto patio. Turn left and walk down steps.Stop when the wooden path meets gravel.
Go up the stairs and take a left. Go forward passing the TV room. At the end of the walkway take a left into the bedroom. Stop next to the door inside the bedroom.
Turn around and head outside the door, continue down the hallway and turn right and head towards the other room through the open door. Stop once you pass the door.
Walk forward to the black and white painting and then turn right. Walk all the way down the hallway and into the next room. Stop behind the black chair to the right of the fireplace.
Walk past the round wooden dining table. Enter the room next to it and stop just inside.
Turn around and walk toward the cupboard then take a left. Walk toward the stairs then take a right and stop between the chairs.
Turn around.  Go straight towards the stairs.  Go up the stairs.  Go towards the kitchen.  Go through open door to dining room.  Head to open door on the left.
Head towards the stairs and go down. Stop at the bottom.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk towards the sitting area and turn right. In the door way to the bedrooms turn left. Walk to the door of the closet and stop.
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Stop in front of the stairs.
Turn left and exit into the hallway. Once in the hallway turn left and walk forward.  Then turn right into the first door on your right and stop looking into the bedroom.
Leave the sauna and take a left. Take a right, and go through the curtain into the small room. Take a right and go into the room with the lounge chairs. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk along the banister towards the room on the upper floor. Walk down the hallway and enter into the room which has a bed and lounge chair.
Turn right, walk through the door and walk straight until you've made your way through the doorway and into the kitchen then stop at your destination.
Turn left and go straight past the couch. Go out the door on the left and walk toward the pool. Wait near the lounge chair and the pool.
Exit the bathroom and go right until you reach the stairs. Turn right and go up three steps. Go straight and then up the first step on the left. Wait there.
Exit the room and head left past the living room towards the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn left and turn left again. Wait there.
Walk down the tiled hallway through the open door ahead. Walk into the next hall and turn the corner into a living room area. Pass the couch area dining room table and turn into the hallway around the corner and stop near the closed double doors in it.
Go up the stairs, turning left where they split. Stand in the doorway of room straight in front of you and slightly right, to the right of the display case.
Walk forward to the end of the hall and turn left.  Then walk forward through the next room past the statue.  Then turn right and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk through the living room area past the television and couch. Walk into the hallway straight ahead and turn the immediate corner. Walk into the bedroom that is on the opposite side of the wall from the living room area.
Walk through the open doorway on the opposite side of the room and stop underneath the chandelier.
Walk into the foyer and go up the stairs. Go into the room with the double door on the right at the top of the stairs. Stop in the bedroom before you reach the rug.
After you leave the bedroom walk to the end of the hall and take a left. When you make the left you will come to another hall; make another left and wait in the doorway of the bathroom, that's on the right side of the hall.
Turn around and walk into the bathroom on the right.
pass fridge and turn left, continue through doorway to dining room.
Exit bedroom to hallway, turn left in hallway and walk to stairs. Stop at stairs.
Walk between the table and dresser and at the end of the dresser, do a hard left turn and start descending the stairs. Stop when you reach the entrance to the room on your left.
Leave the conference room and take a left. Go forward and move to the white think pods. Stop on the yellow line in front of the think pod on the left.
Walk down the hall into the dining room, then turn left. Walk straight through  and stop in the short hallway.
Exit the bedroom and turn right, walking past the two images of birds on the wall. Turn left into the bedroom with yellow and flower designs on the bed and stop just inside.
walk through hallway, stop before bench.
Walk around the Foosball table and past the reception area. Wait in the conference room on the left.
enter living room turn slight right towards window wall. turn left and stop before entering dining room.
Turn around and exit the room out the door to the right. Once you enter the hallway, turn left and enter the curtains into the bathroom. Walk forward and then stop as you turn to enter the wood door on the right.
Rotate 180 degrees.  Move forward to the end of the hall.  Turn left 90 degrees.  Move forward until reaching the fountain.
Leave the bathroom and take a right. In the hall take a right and go down the hall. Stop at the end of the hall in front of the brown shelf.
Turn around and take a left at the stairs. Wait next to the banister.
Go down the first flight of stairs, and head to the second flight of stairs. Go down one stair and stop.
Go into the hall to the right of the TV. Then turn through the left doorway. Go and stop in the doorway leading outside.
Stand so the dining table is behind you and walk straight into the sitting area in front of you.  Walk past the fireplace and through the door in between the two columns  Step into the dining room and walk towards the table.  Stop after stepping on the polka dots on the floor.
Head straight toward the large table and chairs. Pass the table and chairs and continue down the hallway. When you get to another large table with chairs (this table has glass on the top) turn right and go straight into the room with the pool table by going through large arch. Then wait by the white couches.
Walk to the column and turn right. Walk up the steps and stop on the fifth step from the top.
walk forward with the think pods on the right. Stop next to the rear chartreuse chair.
Turn around and walk down the stairs and up the stairs. Take a right and wait in the doorway on the left.
Walk to the open doorway on the left. Enter the door on the left of the hallway and continue to the bed.
Walk into the bedroom turn left and walk into the hallway. Keep walking through the hallway and wait around a small black table.
Turn to the right and follow the walkway all the way around behind the furniture. Continue all the way down the walkway and enter the door on the end to your right. Stop once you enter the door.
Head through the kitchen, turn left to pass through the dining room into the living room. Stop and wait near the sofa.
Walk through the bathroom past the counter and shower door. Walk into the next portion of the bathroom that has a large round bathtub.
exit the bathroom, veer left to exit the bedroom, enter the hallway, turn right, continue straight and stop at the entrance of the second bathroom.
Exit study to hallway, turn left and walk towards stairs. At stairs turn right and enter sitting room. Stop between 2 chairs.
Go down the hallway from the bedroom and enter the opening on the right towards the living room. Go through it and stop at the fat marble wall with the sliding door to the pool.
Walk to the stairs and walk up them.
Turn around and walk towards and through the doorway on the left. Take a left and walk straight. Wait at the entry way of the home.
Exit the room through the door on the left at the foot of the bed and walk into the room directly across from the doorway of the room you start off in.  Enter the opposite bedroom and walk past the foot of the bed and into the closet.  Stop in the doorway of the closet.
Go straight and through the door on the right. Follow the hall and go right then at the end of the hall stop before the bed.
Walk passed the bathroom to the right. Walk through the hall towards the front door of the home. Turn and walk up the first few stairs of the staircase.
After you pass the stairs on your right, turn right. Head straight until you get to a large room and wait near the table and chairs.
Walk into the house off the patio and go up the stairs on the right. Up the stairs take a left and  a right. Next take a right into the laundry room. stop next to the machine closest to the door.
Turn slightly to your left and go down the hallway all the way to the end. Go through the doorway at the end of the hall and wait.
Exit the room through the green doors, proceed down the hallway, past the large painting on the left. Then walk midway down the stairs and wait by the banister.
With the bedroom behind you, head towards the top of the stairs and descend downwards to the tiled floor at the bottom. Veer left and pass by the bedroom to your left, go through the laundry area, and stop once you reach the garage.
Exit the garage and go into the house through the open doorway. Turn right at the first doorway you encounter and enter the bedroom. Stop and wait at the foot of the bed.
Leave the room, and take a right in the hallway. Go down the hall, sticking to the left wall, and stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Leave the laundry room and go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs go straight and enter the master bedroom. Take a right and enter the closet. Stop once you enter the closet.
After you leave the laundry room walk towards the sitting room and make a slight right. Go into the bedroom on the left and wait in the closet doorway.
Walk up the stairs. Take a sharp left and wait in the doorway.
Walk up stairs and into hall, turn left into room with chairs, wait at brown chair.
Start at the bottom of the stairs, head straight through the open door, in front of you directly at the bottom of the stairs,continue left next to the pillar and stop when you arrive in the bedroom with a bed directly on your right and glass windows and doors in front of you near a large tv.
Walk towards the kitchen and stop at the counter.
Travel to the red rug in the center of the room. Travel to the rows of chairs on the right. Stop at the column nearest the back row of chairs.
Go right outside of this room and you will see another in front of you with a large whiteboard on the wall with small wooden houses above it.
Walk forward to the end of the hall, then turn left.  Then walk into the office on your left.
Turn around and walk out the door into the stone room.  Head to the right and stop near the faucet.
Walk past the beds and leave the room.  Go out the red doorway to the left and go through it.  Turn left and pass by a dozen vertical wooden planks on the left before stopping.
Walk through the bedroom past the desk and bed. walk around to the other side of the bed and past the armchair into the bathroom. Walk towards the sink counter area.
Walk into the room pass the bed. Go out the bedroom doors and go up two steps of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom and then turn right and exit the bedroom. Keep to the right and stop in the doorway of the study across from the bedroom.
Go passed the stairs on your left, Go passed the counter on your left, then make a right and stop.
Go straight until you get near a double glass door and stop.
Walk into the bedroom, right passed the table and chairs, and turn right to go into the hallway. Turn into the first door on the left and stop.
Turn left towards the large open doorway.  Walk towards the doorway.  Walk through the doorway.  You are in the library.  Walk towards the fireplace that is on your left.  Stop in front of the fireplace.  Turn towards the striped red chair on your left.  Walk behind the chair and past the bookshelf on your right until you reach a doorway on your right.  Turn ninety degrees.  Walk until you are standing in the doorway.  Then stop.  There should be a sink on your left.
Walk straight past the meeting table and take a left. Go into the first door on your left and wait there.
Exit the doorway on the left. Exit through the door on the right. Walk across the table and wait near the faucets.
Walk toward the bed and along the right side.  Enter the closet through the door right next to the nightstand on the right side of the bed.  Stop once inside the closet.
Walk out the door. Turn left and walk down the hallway. At the last doorway, turn right and enter the room. Stop just inside the room.
Leave the laundry room and take a right. Walk down the hall and take a left into the living room.  Stop in the living room behind the couch and the white end table.
Turn left and walk up the stairs to the top.   Enter the kitchen and wait by the counter top.
Walk away from the kitchen down the hallway.  Continue straight through the living room, and take the doorway on your right side, across from the green couch, to enter the dining room.  Stop next to the large wood dining table.  There is a painting on the ceiling above the table.
Go into the house through the double doors.  Turn left and go down the hallway.  Turn left and stop at the base of the stairs.
Head straight until you get to a large table with white chairs then turn right and pass the soccer table then stop.
Walk through the doorway toward the table and white chairs in front of the large windows.  Walking just to the right of the table, keep walking towards the opening to the table located outside.  Walk through the doors and stop just behind the first chair on this side of the table from the left.
Exit the bedroom through the open doorway, and turn left.  Walk into the first door on the right.  Stay right and enter the kitchen through the doorway.
Walk down the stairs taking a left, and keep going down. At the bottom of the stairs take a left in the hall and take a right into the bathroom that is the first door on your right and stop just inside the doorway.
Turn and walk out the bathroom door. Make two sharp left turns. Walk past the stairs to the bedroom doorway. Turn right and walk into the bedroom. Wait by the picture.
Standing on the patio, turn from the pool and walk behind the outdoor table and chairs.  Continue walking the length of the patio, walking in front of the outdoor bench, then behind the round outdoor table and chairs.  Then go through the sliding glass door into the room and stop at the foot of the bed.
Take a right and walk out of the bedroom. Wait just inside the bathroom straight ahead.
Walk to the right of the large plant and out of the room. Walk around the table and chairs and through the kitchen. Stop by the yellow recliners.
Go past the blue seats to the left and in front of the thinkpods, and wait facing to the right just before the white shelves.
Walk up the steps, and walk towards the garage. Walk up the stop on the porch, and stop in the middle of the porch.
Leave study to living room. Walk across living room into double doors. Stop at big black massage chair.
go through entrance on the right. walk though lounge. go through wooden double doors.
Go up stairs and then go past the table and chairs and go left. Walk straight until you get near the fireplace.
walk away from the kitchen, past the fuse ball table, and to the left of the reception table. Keep walking towards the green chairs and stop next to the silver table in the middle of the four green chairs.
Head down the hallway and turn left.  Turn right and go past the television sitting area.  Turn right toward the bedroom and stop in front of the bed.
Go straight through the living room. Continue walking and stop between the dining room and kitchen.
Travel forward towards the wall painting, turn right and head all the way down the hallway until you reach the vase on a pedestal, turn right and head past the statues until you are at the bottom of a stairwell. Wait there.
Go up the stairs behind the 2 large statues. Once you are at the top of the first set of stairs, turn left and go up another set of stairs. Once you are at the top of those turn left and then enter the first door to your right. Stop right inside the door facing the couch.
Walk up the stairs, turn left, stop between laundry and bedroom door on your left.
Turn around. Enter door. Turn right. Go forward. Enter bathroom and stop.
Turn left and pass the couches on the right. Pass the round table and then turn left. Wait near the white vase on the right.
Exit the bathroom, walk to the kitchen, wait by the refrigerator.
Move into the dining room, then exit the room on the right.  Go through this room and start to go up the stairs, stopping about four steps up.
Walk into the hallway and turn right at the painting and walk into the living room area ahead.Turn right and along the h past the sofas and lounge area into the hallway. Walk down the hall towards the shelf at the end with a vase on it.
Walk forward through the doorway. Turn left. Turn left again and walk through the doorway. Turn right. Wait at the kitchen entry way.
Leave the kitchen and walk towards, and up the stairs. Go all the way up the stairs and stop in the dining room right next to the door at the top of the stairs.
Walk to the top of the stairs and then turn right. Walk across the room with the table and chairs towards the large concrete walkway. Walk through the walkway and stop once you enter the kitchen.
Exit the grass to your left leaving the grill on your right.  Take a right turn just before reaching the spiral staircase and stop before the doors to enter the billiard room.
Walk past the chairs and out of the bedroom. Walk into the bedroom on the left and stop.
Facing the glass table take a right down the hallway, go straight until you're near a white chair then stop.
Please proceed straight down the hallway.
Walk down the hallway past the photographs on the wall. Wait next to the grey couch.
Walk up the stairs. Stop in front of the metal bench on your right.
Exit the bathroom into the bedroom and then exit the bedroom using the door on the right and wait there.
Turn around and walk out the door. Wait in front of the first chair.
Walk out of the room and turn right.  When you see room with the iron railings, go right until you get to the window.  Go down the stairs and stop a few steps from the bottom.
walk straight until you reach the door of the bathroom.
Walk to the right of the statue and into the room on the right. Walk past the end table and turn left. Walk past the fireplace and the desk. Walk through the entryway and stop.
Walk out the doorway straight ahead. The cross over and enter the next doorway straight ahead. Enter the bedroom and stop once you are at the foot of the bed with the desk to your left.
walk toward he red door and turn left. Walk through the hallway and straight through the double doors and turn right. Stop on the third step.
Turn around and walk straight ahead and follow the railing. Go down the 2 steps and stop at the bottom.
Exit the room using the large opening on the right then go straight until you get to a soccer table and wait there.
Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Go up the stairs. Go up five steps then wait.
Turn around and walk through the living room and past the kitchen. Then walk down the hallway and wait near the fax machine.
Walk past the ottoman and between the two chairs out of the room. Walk across the room and out the door and turn right. Walk down the steps and stop on the third step from the landing.
Head up the stairs and go through the open doorway on the right. Turn left and walk into the bathroom and stop.
Exit the room using the large glass sliding door. Turn right and go into the large sliding glass door on the right. Wait there.
Finish going up the stairs. Turn left and go up the stairs on the left. Wait near the metal bench on the right.
Exit the bathroom.Turn right and wait near the bed on the right.
Go out of the room and into the hall.  Turn right through the rounded wooden door and go straight through the middle archway.  Stop in the blue tiled bathroom.
Find the top of the staircase and walk to the top of the stairs.  Walk down the stairs until you get to the small landing where the stairs turn.   Stop on the landing.
Go Indoors, turn left, walk around the furniture, exit the room through the double doors, take the first right and go straight in to the bathroom, stop beside the counter.
Enter the bedroom and turn right. Go passed the table and then turn right again. Enter the hallway and then enter the door on the left and stop.
Walk through the door and turn right. Walk down the hallway past the bathroom and past the stairs. Enter the bedroom in front of you and walk to the bottom corner of the bed closest to the door.
Walk down the stairs and turn left towards the round table and chairs. Stand in between the two granite counters and stop there.
Go to the stairs of the pool then turn left and stand between the glass doors and the table.
Facing the exit go to the right side of the church floor without going passed the pillars and go straight towards the back, then stop at a rope blocking off a group of brown chairs.
exit bedroom to hallway. Follow hallway straight to end. Enter living room and turn slight left. Stop behind couch.
Walk out of the bathroom and make a left then make another left and walk towards the front door. When you get to the living room make a left to get in front of the stairs then walk past the stairs. Go into the bedroom straight ahead and wait.
Go through the hallway across from the top of the staircase. Go into the first door on the right side. Go between the two chairs.
Turn around and walk across the bedroom. Exit out the door to go outside and stop once you are outside.
Walk straight and wait in front of the second picture that is on the left wall.
Stand so you are looking over the pool and then turn right.  Follow the walkway until you get to the table and chairs at the end.  Walk counter clockwise around the table and chairs until the potted plant is behind you and then stop.
Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the bedroom. Stop in the middle of the room.
Walk through the room and up the stairs in the hallway.  Stop on the landing that is three steps from the very top of the stairs.
Go straight into the hallway. Continue straight and slightly right to continue going down the hallway. Go straight until you get to a red curtain. Turn right on the red curtain then turn right in the wood door. Wait there.
Exit the kitchen through the door to the left.  Turn right and walk up one step and stop in the doorway.
Enter the room and turn right then head straight until you get to an opening on the left enter that door and wait by the desk.
Take a left and wait in front of the railing straight ahead.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hall. Turn right and walk into the bathroom and stop.
Go down the aisle to the right, turn left at the blue-green pillar into the middle of the sanctuary, when you are in the direct center of the sanctuary then stop.
Turn left, go down hallway. Turn left at the end of the hallway. Stop behind the grey couch.
Go straight down the hallway towards the stairs. Past the stairs and enter the door on the right into the bedroom.
Walk forward to the bathing room. Take the right before the last room. Enter the lounge chair room on the right. Stop in the section between the two chairs.
Go through the glass door and head down the hallway until you reach the room at the end of the hallway. Stop just after entering the room.
Walk towards the sinks and walk straight passed the sinks. Turn right at the end of the counter. Walk into the bedroom and stop near bedside table.
Make a hard right and walk through the door. Walk diagonally to the right, past the china cabinet and through the door ahead. Wait at the foot of the bed.
Go left into the bedroom, and take a right into the hallway. Turn right and go into the right bedroom.
Walk to the second lamp in front of you. Walk directly to the open door.
Turn and face the garage door and walk towards it.Go through the door to left of the garage door.  Go through the laundry room.  After exiting the laundry room through the far door, stop.
Walk down the steps and turn right. Walk down the hall and walk down the steps. Stop behind the couch.
walk down hallway turn slight left after big painting, go straight down two steps and stop at dining table.
Walk straight past the bed on the left and into the room. Wait in the entrance of the bathroom.
Turn so the bed is on your left and walk though the doorway in front of you to leave the bedroom.  Turn left and walk down the hall until you reach the top of the staircase.  Turn left and stop in from of the cabinets.
Exit the locker area into the lobby. Walk through the lobby and wait in the doorway next to the seating area.
Walk up the entryway stairwell towards the upper floor of the home. Turn right up the remainder of the stairwell. Walk passed the urn in the hallway and through the first open door, which leads to a greeting room with cushioned sofa chairs and a television.
Walk out of the bathroom and make a sharp turn right out of the bedroom. Walk into the hallway and stop in the doorway on the left.
Go down the stairs, and take a right. Walk through the kitchen and exit neat the stove. Go into the dining room, and stop behind the first chair.
Head down the hallway with white tile flooring, until you reach the room at the end. Turn right and exit the room into the room with dark wood flooring.
Face mirror and enter the door on the right.  Walk through closet until you reach the movie theater.  Wait here.
Leave the conference room and go left. Take a right and walk between the thinkpods, and the white bookcase. Walk to the kitchen. Stop in front of the dishwasher on the right of the TV.
Head to the walkway  and tun left at the grill. Turn right and wait at the house's back entryway.
Turn right stopping at top of stairs. Go down stairs onto landing. Stop on landing facing stairs the go up. Go up stairs and make a slight left. On the right side enter doorway near thermostat.
Exit the room and turn right at the painting of the flowers.  Take the first left into the dining room.  Take the first right and walk into the kitchen and stop between the stove and the wall clock.
Go up stairs and stop at the top of the stairs.
With the yellow couch at your back go straight down the hallway into the dining room and pass the dining table on your right into the living room through the door on your right stopping just inside the doorway of the living room.
Turn around and take a left at the hall. Ascend the small staircase and continue. Stop on the second to top stair.
From balcony enter house, walk across living room to dining room. Walk up steps and into hall, turn right stopping between laundry room and bathroom.
Walk past the stairs and turn left. Stop between the large green plant in a black pot and the black circular table with four chairs.
Exit meeting room turn hard right, walk straight until first big door, turn slight left and stop at glass man door.
Go past the foosball table on your left until you reach the conversational nook in the corner.
Walk toward the right and pass through the room into the living room. Continue through the french doorway, then wait at the stair landing.
When you leave the sitting area and are facing the kitchen take a left and go through the entryway. Once you are in the hall take a right and walk straight down the hall until you get to the stairs. Next, you need to take a right so you are in front of the stairs. Wait in front of the stairs.
Walk to the left of the railing down the hall. Continue down the hall and stop next to the room with the workout equipment.
Turn right, leave the exercise area, walk through the deck, walk up to the table, turn right, walk straight, and wait by the bathroom.
Walk out of the sauna and through the bathroom. Turn left at the bench and continue down the hallway. Wait near the potted plant.
Wald towards the door to the outside balcony.
Turn right and exit the room. Once in the next room, turn to the left and walk out the door to go outside. Once outside, turn left and walk through the doorway. On the other side stop right before you reach the long wood table.
Walk forward until you reach the end of the counter and turn right. Walk to the end of the hall with a mirror on the left hand wall. Turn right and walk to the first opening on the left.
Leave the bathroom through the door.Go out the door towards chair in front of tv, then out another door towards railing. Go downstairs and stop before the landing.
Exit the bedroom and head towards the grey stairs. Go up the two stairs.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Turn hard right and enter the sitting room.  Turn right and enter the great room and wait  by the stairs.
Exit the kitchen. Go to the closest end of the white couch in the living room.
Walk straight past the table into the hall. In the hall. In the hall take your second left and stop next to the wall sconce.
Head up the path towards the house and enter the second door on the right. Stop at the doors heading to the living room.
Walk down hallway passed the window seat towards stair case. Stop at the top of staircase.
Leave the kitchen walking towards the television  room but take the first right before you reach the living room. take a left into the dining room and go through the door into the foyer and take a  left stopping next to the pillar near the light switch near the plant.
Go up the stairs.Turn left and go up the stairs. U turn right and wait there.
Go right around the printer, continue through the room, a left down the hallway to the bathroom on the left, and stop just when you enter the bathroom.
Go up the stairs, turn left and go through the white doorway, keep going straight through the next white doorway, go straight and take a step into the next white doorway and stop.
Go past the sink, and the stove.  Turn right.  Walk past the couch and go to the left.  Walk a bit but stop before you get to the black and white painting.  Wait there.
Go upstairs and wait in the kitchen near the window.
Turn left. Go past the living room into the hallway. Go into the room on the left. Wait near the bed.
Turn around and enter the hall. Continue pass the stairs and the counter top. Stop near the tv.
Go straight down the hallway.  Go down the stairs, just half way, and then stop and wait.
Walk up the stairs and take a left. Enter the bathroom through the first door on your right. Stop in front of the sink on your left.
Walk past the center island in the closet and turn right. Walk straight past the mirror on the wall. Turn right and stop in the hallway before the bathroom.
Walk past the colorful chairs and to the Foosball table towards the left. Stop in the nook on the end of the Foosball table.
Turn around.  Walk down the hall and turn left continue walking down the hall until you get to the reception area's desk. Stop and wait right next to it.
Exit the room and take two hard right turns and then go down the narrow hallway. Stop when you reach the end of the hallway which will be a four way intersection.
Go through the door directly in front of the stairs.  Go all the way down the hallway until you reach the wall.  Turn right and walk into the first room on the left.
Walk through the doorway in front of you, slightly to your right.  Makeake a left once you clear the doorway. Walk f forward, walking past the seating area to your right and through another doorway. Stop at the end of the hallway, there should be doors for other rooms on either side of you.
Go through the room exit opposite to the wine racks, then turn right and go down the hallway until you reach the foot of the stairs. Go through the door opening to your left and continue forward until you reach a door opening into a room on your right.
Exit room, turn left, and walk through drapes. Turn right in hallway.  Walk through door, and stay left.  Wait by water basin near blue wall.
Walk through the hallway with the display pieces. Continue down the hall past the plant on the right and enter the room on the left. Wait by the circular tub.
Go through the entryway on the right and then go through the large outside window. Stop next to the rock slab.
Walk past the bed and around the right of the wide grey column.  Go through the blue doorway on the right just after passing this column and go up the stairs.  Stop on the fourth step going up.
Walk out of the office area and into the main room of the building. Walk down the hallway passed the cubicles crossing through the middle of the room. Stop near the opposite side of the room near the table soccer game and kitchen area.
Exit the bathroom, move forward through the doorway into the hallway, and wait in the hall.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Wait in the bedroom that is straight ahead.
Turn around and enter the house. Once inside, walk across the room and past the blue table and chairs to your left. Once you pass the table, turn right and go up the 2 steps. At the top of the steps turn left and enter the hallway. Once you walk into the hallway, turn right in the first doorway to your right and stop halfway down the hallway.
Turn around and enter the bedroom. Once in turn left and exit into the foyer area. Walk across the foyer area and to the right side of the sitting area. Stop between the sitting area and the dining table.
Move forward, stop when you get in front of the three steps.
Walk straight toward the couches and pass them. Go out to the porch using the glass doors on the far left. Wait near the first lounge chair on the left of the poo.
Exit out and walk forward. Turn left at the shimmery corner. Keep walking forward, and turn right when you see a beige feathered rug with patterned cushioned chairs, and stop there.
Go indoors. Turn left and go up the steps. into the kitchen. Go through the kitchen and walk toward the yellow couches. Wait there.
Leave the kitchen and walk through the dining room. Walk into the living room and stop behind the couch just after you enter.
Go forward into the sunken living room. Exit onto the the patio. Stop once you enter the door to the patio.
Walk forward towards the Thinkpods. Take a left once you pass the think pods, then go straight. Head to the chartreuse chairs on the left that are under the TV.
Go straight through the hallway then go into the double doors and go straight past the stair and wait at the entrance of the yellow double doors.
When you get second to the last row of benches turn left. Wait near the first row on the right.
Walk through the kitchen and turn right. Walk Behind the chair to the left and stop.
Enter hall and turn left. Walk straight to hall. turn slight left and enter closet. Turn180 degrees and enter bathroom on your right. stop in doorway.
Walk out of the bathroom area. Walk down the hall passed the wall art and plant in a vase. Continue down the hall around the corner and into the bedroom with a glass mirrored closet.
Go to the top of the staircase to the marble counter top.
Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Walk through the bedroom and walk out and go straight past the stairs and front door.  Go to the sitting area near the fireplace.  Stop on the corner of the white carpet in the sitting area closest to the column.
Walk across living room into hallway. Turn right into bedroom. Stop at closet mirror doors.
Exit the bar area and walk straight.  Enter the office and stop before stepping on the black & white rug.
Face the windows and walk left.  Go outside and walk along the walkway with the railing on your right.  Stop where the walkway connects to a sitting area.
Walk into the living room and turn left. Walk to the double doors and stop in the doorway.
Walk up the steps and go right past the column. Go right through the double doors and walk up to the fourth step and stop.
Leave the sitting area and go down the hall. Go into the kitchen straight ahead. Go down the stairs, and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk up the stairs, and take a left. Go into the laundry room which is the second door on your right. Stop in the doorway to the laundry room.
Enter the bathroom on the right. Turn right again towards the tub, and walk forward towards the bedroom. Enter the bedroom, and stop there.
Leave the balcony to walk inside. Walk past the edge of the table to exit the room by turning left and stepping out onto the balcony. Turn right to continue across the balcony to the bedroom door. Turn right and walk into the bedroom. Wait in the doorway to the bathroom.
Go through the glass doorway opposite the guardrail. Continue straight down the hall and stand two feet inside the room at the very end of the hall, next to the thermostat and light switches with a post-it note hanging off of them.
Turn right and move forward.  Turn left and proceed forward to the end of the room.  Turn left and move forward.
Go past the stairs into the kitchen. Enter the pathway to the left of the stove and stop in the dining room.
Walk down the stairs and then turn right and walk through the double white doors on the other side of the table. Walk straight across and stop in the doorway of the next double doors.
Walk into the hallway and turn right.  Walk to the circular table in front of the window and turn right.  Walk between the two marble statues and up the stairs.  Stop on the second step to the top before reaching the landing.
Walk out of the theater and take a right and exit this room. In the room take a left and take the first right into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Leave the laundry room, and go left. Take a right at the hall and enter the TV room. Stop before you pass the end table on the left.
Start walking towards the open glass doors and walk until you reach the edge of the carpet. Then, turn slightly to your left and start walking towards the open door on the left. Keep walking towards the let side of the pool and stop on the grass before you reach the concrete path and chairs.
Go past the textured wall and travel along the hall until you come to the bedroom with the large black lounger.
Go straight and then turn right. Go into the house using the large glass doors. Head straight and slightly left and go into the office on the left. Wait by the lime green chair.
Walk down the hall past the painting. Continue past the bedroom. Walk towards the small gnome statue on the left. Walk out the door to the outside. Turn right. Stop on the deck next to the sansevieria plants.
Exit the bathroom. Turn slightly right to go out the door straight ahead. Wait in the hallway.
Turn left and go up the stairs, all the way, then turn left and go straight.  When you see a bed, on top of the carpet, you need to stay there and wait.
With the door to the outside to your right, look at the door opening to the left of the bed ahead of you. Go through that opening into the bathroom. Stop next to the right side of the toilet.
Walk away from the window.  Make a left when the wall ends, across from the staircase going up.  Step forward and  enter the first doorway on the left.  Stop in that doorway.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Then walk into the next room. Stop next to the sink.
Walk towards the picture on the wall and take a left, walk straight down the hallway until you get to the last room, take a left behind the white couch and stop.
Keep walking down the hallway and turn left at an open brown door. Enter the room, and stop right next to the women sitting on the sofa.
Turn around and go up the stairs. When you reach the top of the stairs, enter the doorway and head towards the round table. Walk towards the black door on the other side of the table.
Walk into the hallway towards the front door.  Enter the bedroom to the left of the front door and stand by the small towel rack at the foot of the bed.
Walk into the living area slightly to your right. Walk straight past the furniture, then follow the path of the room, which curves slightly to left. Stop just before the entrance to the bar.
Go inside past the ront of the couch then turning left along the wall to the left of the couch, turn into the first doorway into a bedroom, and wait.
Go down the stairs and turn right. Wait near the bar.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and walk straight towards another door passing the bed on your left. Enter inside the door, and turn left towards the staircase railing. Stand on top of the stairs and stop there.
Exit the shower and bathroom, then continue forward through the hallway until you enter the room ahead of you.
Walk up the stairs until you reach a table with four chairs.  Walk past the stairs into the sitting area and stop in front of the two small tables in the middle of the room.
Walk around the bed until you are standing at the corner of the bottom of the bed.  You will be between the bottom corner of the bed and the desk.
Walk up the stairs and turn left.  Walk past the living room and enter the bedroom on the left.  Then walk into the closet.
Walk straight along the bar towards the mirror, then turn left, go straight, make another left, then wait in the bathroom.
Walk out of the kitchen and make a left.  Walk down the halland make a right at the stairs and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk straight down the hallway until you get to the end then turn left. Turn right into the room and wait near the entrance.
Turn left and walk across the room. Once you pass all the furniture, stop in the middle of the empty space just before you reach the paintings on the walls.
Walk straight all the way down the hallway then turn left. Turn left again and go past the four chairs and the round coffee table on the fluffy rug. Turn right and wait by the red painting of the woman with lipstick that says "kiss me deadly" on the wall.
Walk outside the room, immediately turn left, walk past the windows and turn left again.  Walk past the chairs and into the hallway.  Wait in the hallway next to the painting of the woman applying lipstick.
Go through the hallway all the way down until you get to the glass doors and a large plant in a blue pot. Wait there.
Exit the bathroom, turn right, go up the stairs, turn left and stop before going up the next steps.
Exit the bedroom through the door on the right. Walk through the hallway and enter the door on the left. Walk through the dining room, past the table. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and wait by the bed.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right to go through the double doors. Start down the stairs and stop 3 steps down.
Turn and walk through the room past the television and out through the door with the Christmas wreath. Walk into the hallway. Walk to the bathroom and turn into the bedroom on the opposite side of the hall with the photos on the partition wall.
Walk up the stairs and leave the bedroom. Go straight down the hall next tot he stairs. Stand in the doorway next to the office.
Walk past the dresser and exit the room. Continue down the hall and turn hard right. Go past the stairs and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Turn around and move forward down the hallway. Turn right, go past the stairs and stop in the doorway at the left.
Walk out onto the patio area through the open sliding door. Walk to the left past the table with chairs through the concrete entry door into the pool area. Walk along the pool towards the table with arm chairs. Walk into the open sliding door.
With the white door behind you, walk straight down the hallway and past the glass doors.  Go to the room to the left of the iron railing.  Stop in the doorway of this closet.
Head up the stairs in front of you. When you reach the top, make a right and keep walking to the other side of the table and stop at the door going outside. You are facing the statue area.
Walk past the stairs into the bedroom. Stop before you reach the pictures on the wall.
Leave the laundry room and make a left into the hall then make a left at the stairs. Make a right when you are facing the living room then straight back to the room with the dining table. Then make a left and wait in the kitchen.
Go up the stairs turn left and stop in front of the painting.
Ascend stairs, make a right, and head toward the living area, and wait.
Head towards the base of the stairs leading upwards near you and climb the stairs, stopping two steps before reaching the landing.
Walk into sitting room. Go across room and exit to the left of the fireplace into room. Stop at bar area.
Go straight until you get to two steps. Go down those two steps then pass the kitchen and go out through the glass sliding doors and stand near the bar with the white stool.
Head up the stairs, then turn left into the theater. Stop and wait near the sofa.
Move toward the column in near the dining room. Turn right and move down the hallway, Move to the kitchen entrance.
Walk towards the dining table, walk to the right of the dishwasher and continue straight.  Stop with two chairs on your left.
Walk towards tall lamp and continue forward toward table. Go through the doorway on the left and wait.
Turn around and walk through the doorway. Walk around the table and into the door on the left. Go through the kitchen and stop by the yellow chairs.
Go straight down the hall until you get to a door with a wreath. Turn right and wait at the entrance.
With the kitchen to your right, walk through the opening into the next room and turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue past the end of the table and exit the room though the opening on the opposite wall. Once you're into the next room, go left until you just pass the column.
Exit bedroom to hallway, turn slight left to stairs going down, go down stairs stop when stairs start to turn to the left.
Walk out of bathroom. Turn hard left at double doors. Walk to foot of stairs. Wait on third step from bottom.
Go through the glass door and exit the building. Turn right and stop on the sidewalk at the top of the stairs.
Exit the closet. Walk straight and exit the bathroom into the room. Wait near the bed.
Walk to the left of the bed and through the doorway. Turn right and walk into the hallway. Stop in the entryway across from the double doors.
Walk past the beds and out the door at the end of the room.  Turn left and stop in the red and white doorway.
Turn left and go into the hallway on the left. Turn right into the first room.
walk in between couch and TV towards outside, turn left before outside, walk straight and turn right to go outside after wall on left ends, turn left and walk back inside and stop.
Exit the bathroom. Go through the hallway. Stop when you enter the room.
Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn left. Walk into the room and turn right. Stop at the doorway to the right of the record player.
Go up the stairs and turn right.  Walk into the room on the left side of the dining table.  Stop once you have entered the room.
Go straight to the end of the hallway and turn left. Go to the left and stand in front of the bathroom doorway to the right.
Turn to the right and walk a step, turn to the right again.  Walk past the table and the couch.  Continue walking up a step and into the hallway.  Wait there.
Exit the bedroom into the yard. Walk past the swimming pool, pass the threshold and wait near the marble wall.
Walk down the stairs and through the hallway, turn right and enter the next hallway.  Stand near the mirror.
Exit the kitchen. Walk through the door on the left. Turn right, then turn right again and stop by the shelf with the vase.
Walk to the furthest door in the room that is next to the fireplace and go through it and wait in the middle of the bedroom.
go through the hallway, make a left through the first doorway and then make a hard left and then straight until you wait just inside the entrance to another hallway.
Turn around and walk through the door to the table . Take a slight left and go through the door to the kitchen. then take a right and stop at the stairs.
Leave the bedroom and go straight down the hall. Take a left at foot of the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop on the fourth stair.
Walk down hall to stairs. Turn right and go down 2 stairs.
Walk parallel to the stairs, keeping the railing on your left.  Enter the open bedroom at the top of the staircase and stop once you have stepped inside.
Continue down the stairs and turn right. Continue forward into the sunken living area until you're standing next to the stuffed chair on the right.
Go around the bed and exit the room to the right. Take a left at the hallway and then take the next immediate left and stop.
Turn around and exit the bathroom. Turn left and stop at the first fork.
Turn right and walk around the stone vault. Continue forward until you reach the stairs. Wait on the first set of stairs.
Go through the hall and pass the sink. Walk into the room and stop beside the counter.
Walk into the room with the bed and walk around the bed.  Go out into the hallway on the other side.  Stop just after stepping into the hallway.
Turn left, heading inside. Go past the long table and down the hallway. Keep going until you see stairs to your right. Stop on the fourth step.
Walk along the railing, making a quick right into a seating room, and through it into a large bedroom with a fireplace. Wait inside the door.
Go down a narrow hall and wait in front of some stairs going up.
Turn around and go down the hallway. Go passed the tree and stop right next to the table.
Turn right and walk through living room and past the fireplace.  Stand near the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the kitchen through the doorway in front and continue moving left. Upon entering the next room, move right and then immediately move right again, stopping just through the next entryway.
Walk down the hall on the left side of the room, then stop in font of fourth column.
Walk up the two stairs on your left, walk down hallway, stop at the next living area on the right.
walk to the left of the table, towards the house, enter the house and walk through the doorway on the right into the bedroom, walk past the bed, to the left of the couch, walk through the doorway exiting the bedroom walk to the left of the staircase, continue straight and stop next to the banister after you pass the doorway on the left.
Turn right at the top of the staircase. Turn left and go through the glass door. Go all the way down the hall and wait at the door to the large bedroom.
Go straight and exit the room. Turn left and stop in the doorway.
Turn around and take a left. Take a right and then another left and enter the bedroom. Wait next to the bed.
Enter the living room and go through the open doorway on the left. Go through the door on the right and then turn left. Enter the bathroom on the right and stop in front of the sinks.
Turn right and head down the hall. Walk past the side table and turn left. Stand at the top of the stairs.
Go to the stairs and walk up them to the first landing. wait on the first step of the next set of stairs after the landing.
Walk into the hallway to the left of the refrigerator. Turn right and walk down the hallway past the pictures. Walk up the stairs and stop on the fourth step.
Walk down the hallway past the couch on the right and the table on the right . Walk through the door way and stop beside the shelf.
Turn around and walk down the hallway until you arrive at the stairs. Stop in front of the opening to the stairs.
Go down the stairs and turn left. Pass the top of the stairs and turn right on the third door on your right. Wait by the bathroom sinks.
Walk forward towards the open door keeping the garage door on your right. Walk forward through the open doorway onto tile floor. Walk forward until you're under the light in the ceiling and stop and wait.
Go up the stairs. Wait near the table.
Turn left and walk forward all the way into the kitchen . Turn right and walk past the bar stools and stop once you pass the desk on the right.
Turn right and walk forward a few steps. Turn left and walk up one step. Walk straight and up another step. Next walk past the washer and dryer and then turn left Wait just in front of the entrance to the bathroom.
Walk through the living room and down the long hallway. Walk through the doorway at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway.
Turn around and walk through the kitchen and stand at the entrance of the front door.
make a left turn, go into the bathroom on the left, make another left turn and stop at the doorway.
Go down the stairs then turn left and go into the room on the right. Go through the laundry room and straight into the garage. Wait there.
Walk out of the kitchen past the stove and microwave. Walk down the hall into the dining table. Walk into the hallway to the right near the dining table and towards the bathroom on the left.
Walk to the other side of the bed and turn right to exit the room. Once out turn left and then left again, stopping in the doorway of the bedroom.
Follow the stairs till next floor. Turn left and go forward till bathroom. Enter bathroom and stop. Wait there.
Go up the stairs and towards the three chairs on the left  Go up these cstairs and wait infront of the velvet rope.
Walk forward down the hall, passing the open bathroom door on your right. Walk forward under the arch and turn right. While keeping the furniture on your left, walk forward through the hall. Continue walking forward until you are in front of the door on the right. Turn right through the open door and down the hall and enter the bedroom. Stop and wait when you're next to the first bed you come to.
Exit the room through the open wooden door. Continue straight down the hall and stop where the wall opens on your right and there is a sign with a lot of small writing around the corner.
Turn right and walk past the first  fridge. Turn right and walk towards the stairs. Turn right again and wait by the start of the stairs.
Walk forward into the foyer. Walk straight through and into the dining room. Stop once you pass over the decorative tile on the floor.
Go to the right and up the stairway past the landing and up the second set of stairs.  Wait at the second landing.
Walk out of the bathroom area into the hallway and then into the living room area. Walk up the small set of steps and down the hall. Walk up the next set up steps following the banister rail. Stop near the grey abstract painting on the wall.
Walk out of the bedroom down the hall. Turn into the last door on the right before the living room. Stop after moving into the doorway.
Follow the walkway passing the pool on your right. Go in the last door you come to before the stairs. Walk towards the bed and wait 2 meters from the closest corner of it.
With the toilet on your right go into the bedroom and take a right in the room and go straight towards the seating area taking a right out of the room and into the hallway taking a left into the first door on the left into the bedroom stopping next to the chair on your left.
Exit the bedroom past the double doors. Walk into the room in front of you, past the flower vase. Enter the bedroom and stop between the desk and the bed.
Turn right and exit the patio. Then enter living room and walk down the hall.  Turn right and stop by the bathroom.
Walk across the room and hallway. Stop in the bathroom in front of the sinks.
Walk out the door and towards the cabinets, then continue through the other open door and past the stairs, stopping once near the black dotted rug.
Proceed through the room and make a left through the doorway, go through the hallway and stop at the entrance to the bathroom on the left.
Walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway and turn left. After the door turn right. Turn right at the double doors and stop in the entryway.
Walk straight toward the couches. Pass the couches and go out the glass doors. Wait near the pool.
walk through the hallway to the stairs landing.
Walk upstairs, turn right, walk upstairs and wait on carpet.
With the breaker panel to your rear, exit the utility space and turn right to exit the laundry room. Continue forward until you reach the nook in the wall just past the stairs to your right.
Go up the stairs and turn left. Then go down the hall and stop near the second room.
Walk up stairs. Wait at dining table.
Walk toward the kitchen and proceed towards the door to the right of the ovens. Open the door and stop just inside the doorway.
Look slightly left and walk straight while passing lighter grey couches on the left side. Once passed the couches on the left side, walk slightly forward and wait between a table on the left side and a darker grey couch on the right.
Take a left and walk out of the bedroom. Take a right and wait in the doorway of the bedroom.
Exit the conference room, and make a left. Make a right just before the white bookcase. Wait at the green glass bowl on the bottom shelf of the bookcase.
Walk straight and turn right at the door. Wait in the doorway.
Turn left and wait by the fourth pillar on the left.
Walk toward the wood paneling and turn left. Walk straight across through the arched doorway. Stop just inside the door.
Walk down the length of the table and make a U-turn to the left.  Go up the stairs with the railing on your left and stop in front of some artwork with a boy with a scuba mask on.
Exit bathroom to bedroom. Turn slight left and enter hallway. Turn slight right and enter stair case. Stop on 4th stair.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Move forward and stop at the first closet doors on the right.
Exit the bathroom and go straight. Pass the grey couches and head toward the white couches then stop.
Go into the hallway, turn left and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk into the bedroom and take a right. Walk out of the bedroom and take your first right into the den. Wait at the doorway of the den.
Exit the office and turn right.  Then walk down the stairs stopping on the curved part of the stairs.
enter bedroom off balcony and walk to the doorway on the right turn left and continue down hall. Turn right at end of the hall and stop n room by chairs.
Go to the right to head for the door. Walk through the doorway and wait inside near the wetbar.
Walk down the hall past the sculptures. Stop at the top of the stairs.
pass through double doors, turn right, stop next to safe door.
Turn around and go up the steps to the right of the table with blue chairs. At the top turn left and enter the hallway then turn right into the first doorway on the right. Stop in the middle with a door on each side.
walk away from kitchen up the two stairs on the right, turn left and walk out of doorway and turn right, turn right at first doorway and stop infront of washing machine.
walk across room to the end, turn left in archway take 2 steps then turn left into bathroom. Stop inside bathroom door.
You need to leave the bathroom area and walk to the door on the far left to leave the bedroom. Now make a left in the hallway and walk to the steps, walk up the stairs and wait at the top.
Go indoors and pass the living room and the kitchen. Go up the two steps on the right and wait there.
Walk into master bedroom. Walk to the open door past bed. Wait inside office.
Walk past ceiling vent. Walk past lockers. Wait at metal desk.
Exit the steam room and walk down the hall to the right. Turn right at the hall with red curtains and proceed down that hall to the end and turn right. Enter the room and wait by the chair.
Walk through the kitchen and living room, turn left and then a quick right. Walk past the stairs and wait by the door on the right.
Go through the doorway and turn right.  Walk to the foot of the bed and go out on the porch.  Walk past the table and chairs and stop when you reach the table with the towels on it.
Go outside. Follow the sidewalk staying to the left of the pool. Follow the sidewalk to the staircase. Stand at the top of the staircase.
Go past the white couches then turn right into that hallway then turn right again to go into the bedroom and wait right there.
Go up the stairs and stop at the top of them.
Exit through door on right, go down the hall, towards stairs on left side, stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk out of the bedroom and into the close. Take a left and go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn around and continue straight down the hallway path and wait at the reception desk with the computer.
go forward to the bathroom.
step off porch towards garage door, turn left and walk to bushes. turn left and walk to flowers, turn slight right and stop on brick path.
Turn hard right to walk along the pool, toward the feature wall. Then turn left and wait by the Jacuzzi.
Turn left and walk down the hallway to the living room. Turn left and wait near the white couch.
Turn around and walk down the hall.  Then turn right and enter the formal dinning room. Wait by the chair.
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Walk down a few steps on the stairs and wait there.
Walk to the end of the 2 beds and out the door with the controls beside it. Once out, turn right and head down the hallway. Stop right before you reach the wood bench with pillows.
walk towards the table and chairs. stand in front of the doorway.
Exit bathroom, turn left, at hallway on right turn right, turn left into bathroom. Stop at sink.
Walk down stairs, and make a left. Walk to the open door to the left of the stone figurine on the floor. Wait in the threshold of the open door.
Walk in front of the sink and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk past the beds into the hallway. Turn right, then turn left and stop on the second step down.
Go straight and head towards the picture frames. Turn right and go towards the open door, enter room and turn right. Stop once you reach the  sink.
After you leave the art room go down the hall and make a slight left so you are at the stairs. Walk down to the third step and wait.
Walk down the passageway and keep going straight until you get to the patio area. Wait there.
Exit the bedroom and walk straight across the hall and through the door into the next bedroom. Enter the bedroom and wait between the desk and the foot of the bed.
Walk straight down the hallway beside the kitchen and make a right at the end of the hallway. Stop and wait by the light switches in the living room at the end of the hall.
Exit the bathroom and go into the first room on the left. Go to the art. Go down the staircase three stairs.
Exit the sitting room, walk down the hall with the painting on your right, enter the laundry room to the left of the doorway at the end of the hall, wait at the sink.
Walk down the hallway. Walk across the room. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Exit the closet and walk through the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Walk around the sofa past the fireplace.  Then turn right and enter the dining room. Wait near the table.
Go straight towards the wall with five paintings hanging.  Once there, turn hard left.  Enter the first room on the left.  Wait here.
Enter the house in the dining room through the door on the left. Go forward passing the kitchen and walk toward the front door. Stop next to the bathroom on your left.
Walk down the steps and to the left. Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn right. Stop just inside the bedroom.
Exit out of the wardrobe area with the closet space with shirts on your right. Make the first right turn and turn right again into the next bedroom with the grey bed. As you walk into the bedroom, the hallway will be to your left.
Walk up stairs. Walk past dining table. Wait at white porcelain pitcher.
Go passed the table and make a right along the table, then make a left through the curtains, make a left, go straight, then go up the stairs a few steps and wait.
Walk down the hallway and enter the large room with the white staircase.   Turn right, and walk up the staircase.  Stop at the top of the stairs.
Go into the kitchen and wait by the oven.
Walk down the hall, take the first right, then a left through the doors, walk to the end of the hallway and turn left, wait in the doorway to the child's bedroom.
Walk to the base of the stairs and go up them.  Stop on the second step to the top before reaching the landing where it breaks into two staircases.
Walk out through a curtained area, and through a curved doorway into a large marble bathroom, and wait at a blue tiled arched area.
Turn around and walk to your right past the kitchen towards the doors that lead outside. Stand behind the white chairs in the living area.
Walk down stairs, stop at the bottom of stairs next to painting.
Exit the bedroom, walk down the hallway, enter the bedroom on the right past the stairs, wait at the bed.
Face the windows and turn right.  Follow the hallway around a few bends until it opens into a bigger room with a sitting area and TV.  Stop next to the lady sitting on the couch.
Walk towards the couch. Exit the room to the interior of the house.  Turn right outside of the door. Stop near the light hanging on the wall.
Turn around on the stairs, go up the stairs.  When you get to the top, Turn tot he right and walk past the vase on the table.  Take the first left doorway and go just inside that doorway.  Stop and wait.
Turn right and walk further into the closet past the hangers. Exit out the door and then turn left and stop in the doorway to the room with the pink bench.
From couch turn left and walk down hallway to open sauna door and wait.
Walk straight and pass the dressing table. Turn left and walk all the way down the stairs, and stop at the bottom fourth stair.
To cross the bedroom and take right. then enter in to other room. Near flower wash on table.
Turn to your right and then go left up the walkway and stop in front of the bench that is on your right.
Exit current room, make a left, make hard right, and a left and wait at vanity.
Turn to your left and head toward the door along the far side of the right wall.  Walk through the doorway and head down the hallway on your right.  Stop at the end of the hallway.
Walk forward into the living room past the dresser on your left, and out of the room into the hall. In the hallway take a left and walk down the hall. Go down the stairs and stop on the second stair from the top.
Walk forward with the pool on your left. Walk into the house into the dining room across from the large rock near the pool. Stop next to the plant right inside the door on the right.
Walk across the room and wait in the conference room to the left.
With the kitchen area behind you, walk down the hallway towards the pillars in the big open area.  Turn left after passing the second red chair and enter the dining room.  Stop when you step on the polka dot part of the carpet.
Exit the sitting area, turn right, walk past the receptionist's desk, turn left, enter the conference room, wait at the projector screen.
Leave the dining room, turn right, walk down the hall, and wait in the living room.
With the door leading outside to your immediate right, step forward, then turn ninety degrees to the left. Exit this room via the door opening ahead of you and to the right. Continue forward until you can enter a bedroom to your right. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Turn right and exit the room. Walk towards the white counter. Turn left and walk across the hall. Walk through the door and wait by the thermostat.
Turn to the right and walk on the stepping stones.  Go past the grill and turn left.  Then turn right and walk into the house through the door.  When you're just inside the house, you need to stop and wait.
Walk down the long white corridor.  Continue straight until you reach the blue tile wall.  Wait here.
Turn around and go out the open door towards couches. Turn to your right and go forward on into the open room on the left. Walk into the room and walk to the left of the bar. Go forward towards the man coming out of the doorway to the left and stop.
Turn right and go straight until you get to the fireplace. Wait there.
Walk through the office around the conference table.Walk through the open entry garage door and out into the open room. Walk past the blue seats and down the hall to the next room on the left. Walk into the room which has a conference table and note board set up.
Walk towards the house exit door. Turn left and walk towards the kitchen area. Wait by the window with a black vase.
Turn left and walk down the hall. Turn left at the end of the hall and enter the next hallway.  Then turn right and enter the den.  Wait by the chair.
Go behind you and exit the bathroom, turn right and walk down the hallway. At the end turn right and then go to the stairs. Go to the third step on the landing and stop.
Head up the nearby stairs and to the left.  Head down the other set of stairs and to the right. Walk around the row of tan benches.  Stand next to the bust on the column.
Turn approximately 90 degrees toward the left. Walk through the common area room. Walk through the doorway. Wait by the bathroom door on the left side.
Walk forward, turn left, make another left, enter the room and wait near the couch.
Exit the bathroom. Make a right and enter into the sitting area on the left. Walk across the rug, in front of the chair and out into the hall. Make a slight right and wait in the first doorway.
Turn to your right and go across the room. Exit out the door to the left side of the room. Once out go up the stairs in front of you stopping on the third step.
Walk past leather chair with striped lumbar pillow. Make a left down the hallway, and walk past the splatter painting. Wait at the end of the wall covered in plaid wallpaper.
Exit the kitchen and then head towards the tan curtains located above the doorway. Continue through the doorway, make a left and then wait near the stairs.
Walk inside and past the yellow couches and up the stairs.  Turn left at the bar stools and go down the hallway.  Stop in front of the fax machine in the room at the end of the hallway.
Walk out of the dining room and take a left at the stairway. Take the next left and go into the bathroom. Stop once you enter the bathroom.
Go straight down the hallway and go past the clear door. Go into the room on the slight left straight ahead. Wait in that closet.
walk through bathroom, walk into spa room, then stop at front of spa tube.
After you go up the stairs. Turn right and then turn left into the clear glass door. Turn left into the room and wait there.
Climb the staircase. Turn right to enter the bathroom, then stop there.
Go through the living room and exit the sliding glass doors. Turn left and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Go toward the plant and take the first left. Continue forward. Stop at the second door to the right.
turn left, pass behind couch, stop by dining room table.
Walk to the patio door and exit. Take a right on the patio. Stop behind the chair closest to the bar area.
walk down the long narrow catwalk, directly away from the ocean, stop before it opens up to a seating area with couches.
Walk into the room to the left of the painting of the white dress.  Walk through the room and go through the door to the left of the fireplace.  Stop after passing through this doorway.
Walk straight up the stairs in front of you. Once you reach the top of the first set. Turn right and go up to the top of those stairs. Once at the top turn right and walk to the first door on the left. Stop when you reach the door of the room looking in while still being able to see the metal railing to your right.
Walk up to the thinkpod.
Walk down the stairs, past the dining set on the left. turn left after the dining set, stop when you reach your first set of counters on both sides.
walk straight then turn left.
Take a right and then another right when you get to the house. Take a left and wait just inside the house.
Go down the stairs then straight until you get to a hallway(don't go into that room) Turn right and wait there.
Go down the stairs towards the hats on the wall. Go through the door on the left. Go forward and through the red door. Turn right and go toward the bicycle. Wait there.
With the green door at your back go straight down the hall and hang a left to the stairway and go down the stairs stopping on the fifth floor from the top.
Walk towards the door of the bedroom that leads into the hallway.   Once you get to the hallway, turn right and proceed down that hallway towards the purple carpet.  Enter the room with purple carpet and walk down the short hallway.  Stop when you get to the entrance of the main portion of the room on the purple carpet.
Go up the stairs, turn right, and walk past the dining table.  Walk outside and stop near the statue of the child on the skateboard.
Turn to the right and walk to the bar, and then outside.Walk down the porch stairs on your left, and stop.
walk up the staircase, turn left at the top and walk towards the couch, before you reach the chair turn left towards the table and stop before you reach it.
Leave the storage room and walk out of the laundry room. Walk past the stairs on your right and walk into the room with the spotted black and white carpet.
Walk out of the room, towards the staircase. Take a left, and enter your first room on your left. Walk into the room and stop once you walk through the doorway.
Walk up the stairs, turn right, walk across the room to the door, and head into the kitchen. Once you've reached the kitchen, keep walking straight until you reach the yellow chair.
Exit the kitchen and turn right into the hallway. continue straight until you pass the stairs then turn left and then right on the first door. Wait inside the laundry room by the washer and dryer.
Edit the bedroom and go down a long narrow hallway  Pass the.
With the wall with the plates on the wall to your left, walk straight down the hall.  After you pass the potted tree, take the next door on the left and enter the room with the two beds.  Stop after you enter the room.
Turn right and walk straight through the doorway that is up ahead. Wait next to the first open door.
Go down passed the stairs and follow the hallway. You'll see a pillar. stop there.
walk by left side of bed and exit room, turn left and go through doors, go through first door on right and stop.
Exit the bedroom to go out into the hall and make a right.  Go though the doorway at the end of the hall to enter a second bedroom with purple carpet on the floor.  Stop when you get next to the black-and-white pictures of children on the wall to your right.
Walk toward the front doors and take a left. Walk down the hall and stop at the end of the hall.
Exit the bedroom and wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the left.
Go up the stairs and stop at the top.
Go through the middle doorway through a main room and wait in the bathroom doorway.
Walk towards the sink area ahead. Turn and walk passed the sink and towards the kitchen area in the next room. Pass by the counter tops towards the couches. Walk up near the couches and coffee table.
Exit the bathroom and then exit the bedroom. Walk up the stairs and stop midway. Wait there.
Turn around and walk passed the door and around the corner. Pass the bathroom and enter into the small room with an old record player. Walk into the door near the record player and into the kitchen area.
Turn to the left, and go to the brown rectangle portion of the rug.  and then to the right.  You'll be at the foot of two pillars.  Stand there and wait.
Turn around. Walk across the room in front of the TV and go out the door on the left. Head across the room with carpet and stop when you enter the next room  facing the table in the middle of the room.
Exit the room and head straight then turn right and pass through the kitchen and then turn left and go into the second door on the right and stop by the sink.
Go down hallway towards the two white vases. When you have a staircase towards your right, turn left towards the dining room. Go past bar lined with chairs and wait in front of the long dining room table.
Go up the stairs and at the top turn to the left and walk. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Walk straight to the left and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Go past the fireplace. Turn left and go through the door on the right. Go up two steps.
Walk past the shelf and down the hallway to the left of the double doors. At the end of the hallway turn right and stop in front of the end table.
Exit the kitchen, enter the living room, wait between the pink couch and kitchen island.
Go down the staircase and at the bottom stop.
Turn right, and walk a bit, and turn left. Walk towards the black chairs, and turn right. Stop in front of the refrigerator.
Walk up steps across patio and enter the house through the slider. Walk across living room and stop at kitchen.
Go through the doorway with the desk on the right, make a left, go straight passed the stairs on the right and go to the doorway and wait.
Turn to the right and go out the bathroom door.  Turn to the right a little more.  Go through the galley kitchen.  Walk between the stove and the island.  When you get past the island, stop, and wait.
Walk on the pink carpet past the marble bust and stop in the doorway to the next room.
Walk down the hall and go up the stairs. Stop on the third stair from the bottom.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out, turn right and keep walking straight until you enter the room on the end. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk straight then turn left. Walk past three chairs on the right and wait near the last fourth chair.
Leave the bathing area and take a left. Take a left at the counter. Go up the stairs and take the first right. Stop in the doorway.
With the rope barrier directly to your right, move forward while staying on the carpet pathway and turn left when you reach the corner. Continue on the pathway until you reach a T intersection on the pathway and turn right to exit the room though a set of double doors.
Cross the room and go through the brown double doors, cross the room and step into the nearest archway on the right, step near the glass table and stop.
Walk forward and turn left passing the television. Keep walking towards the glass windows and stop there.
Walk towards the balcony and take the stairs down on the left. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk forward, then turn left immediately after the kitchen counter.  Continue straight through the kitchen until you reach the second sink.  Wait here.
Walk past the two beds and the bathroom doorway. Walk down the open hallway and stop by the wooden armoire.
Go left around the wooden barrier and stop once you reach the wooden barrier on the opposite corner.
Go up the stairs and turn right. Walk down the hallway.  At the end of the hallway near the phone turn right Go straight into the kitchen area and stop in the doorway.
Make a left at the doorway leading to the stairs. Walk around the right side of the rail. Make a left into the room with the French doors.
Walk across the room toward the bedroom. Stop just inside the doorway.
Head straight into the kitche. Go past the island and cabinets. Stop just inside next room.
Go up the first set of stairs. At the landing go up the first two stairs on the second set and stop.
Make a 360 degree turn and walk past the paintings and the bed to the door at the back right of the bedroom. Once out of the bedroom, continue straight past the painting until you reach an open room. Make a 2:00 turn and you've reached your destination.
Go left and go through the first arch on the right then turn left and stop by the sink.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the hall. Walk past the vases and past the stairs. Stop in front of the table and chairs.
Turn right, stop at the french doors. Turn left at the sofa, head straight past the coffee table, stop between the lamp and the arm chair. Head straight and stop at the pillar, just before the stairwell.
Walk toward the end table with the mirror on the wall.  Continue walking straight past the sitting area towards the pots on display.  Walk past the pots and the staircase and go through the archway on your left.  Stop in front of  the doorway that leads to another room.
Walk into the kitchen.  Turn left at the kitchen island, and walk straight.  Stop in the hallway at the first entrance to the dining room.
Walk through the bedroom and out of the door into the hallway. Walk down the hall along the banister rail through the open door. Continue into the bedroom with a round mirror on the wall and butterfly sculpture.
Go straight and then turn to the right and go to the bathroom door.  Go through the doorway and walk through the bathroom to the other door.  You will then be in a gym.  Stop when you get into this room and wait.
Exit the bedroom and take the first right. Stop just past the eye exam chart on the wall.
Continue down the red carpet path past the white statue of two people in the corner two the right. Stop on the path with the two vases on the ground to your right.
Facing the clock turn left, at the intersection turn right, before the bookshelves turn right, at the intersection turn left and turn into the doorway and stop.
Leave the bedroom and walk straight.  When you get to the glass wine room, turn left and walk through the doorway past it.  Go down the hallway to the right and turn left at the stairs.  Go up the first step and then stop.
Walk through the kitchen. Walk through the archway to the left of the stove. Wait at the framed landscape painting.
Go up the three steps then go straight until you get to the room and stop by the bed.
Walk forward past the racks of wine bottles until you exit the wine cellar.  Turn to your left and enter the first room on your left.  Wait on the rug just inside the room.
Leave the bathroom through the door by the toilet and turn right. Turn right into the hallway, walk through the arched opening, and turn right. Stop near the the first black chair at the bar.
Walk up to the photo on the wall directly in front of you.
Exit bedroom through the doorway on the far right. Walk directly forward. Take first sharp right at welcome sign. Wait by the table with a handbag on it.
Exit the closet and go to the right. Enter the door and go to the left and go to the end and stop.
Exit the kitchen and turn right. Go down the hall and wait next to the bedroom door that is second on the right.
Move ahead in between bar and table to the chair.
Exit sitting room and turn left.  Walk towards the staircase and turn left. Go down the stairs and stop on the second step.
Turn left and go down the steps on the right, wait at the end.
Turn right and exit the kitchen and enter the hallway with the stairs.  Walk around the stair well and enter the laundry room.
Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn left and exit the bedroom into the hallway. Walk to the end of the of the hallway. and turn right. Walk into the bedroom straight ahead and stop.
Exit the toilet room and then exit the tub room and go through the hallway but turn right into the first archway on the right, take a step into the closet and stop.
Go straight until you pass the couches and the table then turn right and go inside. Wait near the grey couches.
Walk into the bedroom, pass the bed, and stop in the doorway.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go into the room. Turn left and exit the room using the door on the left. Wait there.
Go up stairs. Turn left and wait by wooden beam.
Turn left and exit the bedroom. Turn left and go in to the kitchen. Turn right and wait next to the counter.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and then turn right to exit the room. Wait in the hallway.
Walk into the hall ahead. Walk down the flight of stairs with an iron railing. Continue to the bottom of the stairs and stop near the bench at the bottom next to a closed door.
Walk to the right of the table past the oven. Walk right out the door and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Follow the red carpet on the right side of the room. Follow it past the chairs and stop in the door way at the end of the room.
continue forward past the first tdoor to your right continue walking past the door down the small hallways infront of you.  go in the room go down the steps  continue forward and go up 1 2 steps.
Walk through the hallway towards the laundry room. Stop in the doorway of the laundry room.
Turn around and then turn right to walk all the way down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go straight into the dining room. Walk through the door on the right on the wall straight ahead. Stop in the doorway.
Walk across dining room, turn slight right and enter set of double doors, stop in doorway.
Go through the pillars, make a left go through the doorway, make another left towards the stairs, make a right passed the stairs on your right into the doorway and wait.
Facing the curio cabinet, enter the bedroom to the left. Walk past the bed into the bathroom. Wait by the bathroom vanity.
Exit the room into the hallway and go up the stairs. Stop on the second landing.
Go up two flights of stairs, and go into the middle room.  Stop in front of the table.
Go into the bedroom to the right of the sink.  Turn left, and walk forward and stand in front of the railing about halfway between the two upstairs rooms.
Walk downstairs and wait by the exterior door near the potted palm.
Leave the room, cross the hall and wait in the room next to the stairs.
Go up the stairs and wait at the top.
You should walk past the bar and to the pool. Across from the pool there is a doorway, go through that doorway and wait.
Walk up the stairs and go straight. Stop next to the recliner that is next to the fireplace.
Walk past hall table. Walk into bedroom. Make left at table clock. Wait at bathroom door threshold.
Go ahead a bit and turn left, going down the hallway. Turn left and stop after getting inside the study.
Go to the white rug Go to the brown rug Go to the dark brown chair Go to the sliding doors Go to the pool table.
Walk up the steps that curve left. Stop on the fourth step from the top.
Turn around and go to your right. Turn right and go passed the painting. Then go left to go into the bar area. Pass the bar and go towards the dining table. Stop in the dining room near the table.
Walk up the steps and turn left.  Wait by the wooden pillar next to the stairs.
Walk past the table and turn left. Walk past the stove and turn right. Walk out of the kitchen and turn left. Walk up the to the second step and stop.
Face the indoor grill and turn right. Walk straight through the door way.  Walk passed the microwave on the left. Walk through the doorway and stop beside the door.
Walk down the hallway and walk into the kitchen and take a left at the island counter into the hallway and take a right into the dining room and walk through the dining room into the living room and stop nest to the edge of the couch  behind the end table.
Turn completely around. Walk straight ahead through the doorway that is next to the giant urn.
Walk straight down the hallway and enter the doorway. Wait inside the doorway.
Walk towards the hallway to the left of the refrigerator. Keep walking straight and wait by the wooden table with some white appliances to the right.
Facing the toilet, walk through the door on the left. Make a right and walk through the doorway across the room. Make a left and walk down the hallway. Turn right at the next opening and stop before the kitchen island on the right.
Exit the dining room, and make a right into the kitchen. Make a right after the wine fridge, and wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk down the hallway and past the sofa. Walk into the dining room area. Stop in front of the island.
Enter the room, take the walkway to the right. Follow the pathway out of the room, stopping just after the doorway.
Walk toward the stairs to the second floor. Go around the stairs into the living room. Take a right and go into the dining room. Stop next to the first chair you pass.
Exit the room using the left arch then pass the couches and the fireplace and go out the door on the left then turn right and wait by the barbecue.
Walk out of the hallway and turn left. Walk down the steps and through the wooden doors. Walk down the steps and stop.
Walk up the steps and turn left. Stop just inside the fitness room.
Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once out turn left and head towards the sitting area. Once you reach that area turn left and enter the door to your right, beside the desk. Stop once you are in the doorway of the room.
Walk straight and then turn left and go between the couch and kitchen counter. Enter the next room and stop at the corner of the first white couch and wait.
Walk over to the master bedroom with the large sun burst mirror, its straight past the potted plant in the hallway.
Turn around and go down the stairs next to the foot of the bed. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn left and head down the hallway. Turn right at the first entry way on your right. Enter the next small hallway and head straight into the room straight ahead. Stop inside of the room once you reach the chair and the desk and are facing the 3 windows.
Turn around and walk up onto the patio. Walk into the door to the left and enter the sitting room. Walk across the sitting room and into the kitchen. Stop before you reach the steps.
Walk forward, take a left around the corner and walk all the way to the end of the hallway, and stop at the door before the bedroom.
Go upstairs. Wait four steps to the top.
Walk past the end table and down the hallway. Walk past the glass doors. Turn right just past the stars. Walk to the end of the hallway and stop just outside the door.
Enter the room to your right, then turn right.  Then walk forward until you reach the library.  Wait near the door.
Walk past the glass doors and left towards the island. Turn right and walk into the kitchen. Stop in front of the microwave.
Walk up the stairs in front of you all the way to the top. At the top turn left and then left again to walk along the railing and stop when you enter the room on the end.
Step into the hallway and turn right. Walk straight down the hallway, turn slightly left and wait near the stairs.
Go to the kitchen, then to the dining room table inside.
Go straight and exit the room. Turn right and go into the room next door. Wait near the bed.
Leave the sitting room and head into the hallway. Take a right into the room with the dining table. Stop in front of the console table on the right.
Turn to face inner wall. Leave room by middle archway.  Take slight right toward hall with round design on brick floor. Walk forward to staircase. Stop on second stair.
Exit the room. Turn left. Go straight until you pass the stairs. Pass the two first chairs one on each side and then turn right. Wait near the glass table with the white chairs.
Walk up the stairs, turn left, make another left, stop near the bedroom doorway.
Go down the hallway and past the stairs, into the room across form the stairs and stand in the doorway.
Exit the bedroom. Go to the right towards the kitchen. Stand next to the hallways located after the cabinets.
Turn left just past the stairs. Stop in the left doorway at the end of the hall.
Turn around and go straight into the kitchen. Go straight and stop by the table near the window.
Go straight into the door in front of you, turn left and then turn left again to go into the bathroom. Wait by the second sink.
Walk past the large dining table with the chandelier overhead.  The table should be on your right as you walk past it.  Follow the red carpet to exit that room by the first doorway you come to after passing the table.  There are some red chairs just to the right of the doorway you will go through.  Walk down the hall and stop in the first doorway on your right.
Keep walking down the stairs past several doorways and wait at the entrance to a room with a glass painting.
Exit the room and turn right. Wait near the massage table.
Stand in the doorway between the living area and the large silver grill in the kitchen area.
Walk past piano. Walk through arched wooden doors. Wait at bathtub.
Walk through double doors into the house. Continue around the dining table and through the entry way to the next room. Walk up to the couch and armchairs surrounding a coffee table.
Go down the red carpet and stop at the door at the end of the hall.
Exit the room into the hallway. Go into the room on the left and wait next to the massage table.
Leave the shower and turn left. Exit the bathroom and go through the closet to the bedroom. Turn left and and go to   the door. Turn left and exit the bedroom. Wait at the top of the stairs.
I would like you to move forward, heading toward the lounge chair. Pivot and continue the forward momentum, bearing slightly to the left. Turn towards your left and begin walking down the stairs. When you reach the third step from the landing, stick around here and wait.
With the windows on your right walk forward between the windows and the patio couch walk forward towards the table and into the living room through the sliding glass doors and take a  right into the dining room stopping just past the wall on the left next to the door.
Go up the steps next to the fridge. Then turn right toward the bathroom. Stop at the top of the steps.
Turn to go past the stairs and straight down the hallway towards the bathroom. Stop when reaching the double doors.
From kitchen walk into living room, turn left and exit the slider. Stop on the porch next to the table.
Turn right and follow the red rug to exit out the door to the left of the painting of a man. Follow the red carpet all the way to the other side of the table. Turn and exit out the door to the left of the red chairs along the wall.
Turn around, walk towards the hallway and past the rug, continue to the top of the steps near the mirror and stop.
Turn around and then turn right. Go passed the piano and stop near the table.
Walk forward, in between sofa and kitchen counter.  Continue straight until you reach a wooden table with two red squares on top.  Wait here.
Go straight and exit the room using the arch ahead. Turn left and go straight past the couches. Turn right and then turn left into the second arch. Wait near the kitchen.
Follow the pink carpet out of the room you are in, and through the next room.  Exit the doorway of the next room and stop.
Exit the room and turn left.  Stop just before you reach the stairs that go up.
Walk down the hallway towards the table and chairs next to the large window.  You will pass a staircase going down on your right hand side.  Once you pass the staircase and enter the larger room, turn right.  Walk forward until you are standing beside the frist black end table next to the couch.
Go right to the other side of the last chair turn to the left of you., then turn left and keep going through the archway to the middle back of the couch, and turn right and stop in the exercise room.
Exit bedroom through arch doorway.  Enter the room to the left.  Wait by door.
Leave the bedroom and go into the den and take your first right into a hallway. A the end of the hallway take a left and go into the sitting room on the right.
Exit the study, walk through the living room to the kitchen doorway, wait at the kitchen doorway to the left of the lamp under the stairs.
Go into the doorway to the right of the big painting, go straight down the hallway into the double doorway and stop.
Walk forward and turn right towards the three stairs to enter the house. Walk forward towards the glass door on the very left corner, and stop there.
Walk away from pool and towards steps.  Walk up steps and make the first right at the top.  Enter room with massage table.  Wait here.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and turn left. Stop in front of the second set of double doors on the left.
Go through the door closest to you and into the next room.  Walk down the length of the room on the red carpet and stop in the next doorway at the end of this room.
Continue forward until you reach the top of the steps and change your direction to the left. Travel forward until you reach the base of the next staircase on your right. Ascend the stairs until you reach the top step. Halt here.
Walk up the stairway and turn right on the landing. Walk up the stairway and down the hallway. Turn right into the dinning room.
Leave the kitchen through the door to the left of the stove. Enter the fitness room on the right and stop at the end of the treadmill.
Turn around, walk past the first door, turn right into the second door, and walk forward through the door.
Walk straight through the doors and wait in the hall.
With the low stone or concrete barrier behind you, walk parallel to the board covering the floor and turn left before reaching the end. Move forward to leave the wooden flooring and when on the stone flooring, turn right and stand in front of the doors leading out of the room.
Walk along the narrow rug past the statue on the table, and go up two steps. Wait on the third step.
Turn towards the door that is open. Walk straight. Turn right. Walk straight. Turn right at stairs. Walk into living room. Turn right. Face dining table.
Walk straight through the living room towards the stairs.  Go to the right of the stairs towards the dining area and wait by the leather chair at the entry to the dining room.
Exit the sewing room. Turn right and walk towards the curio cabinet. Turn left and enter the bedroom.  Walk past the dresser on your left  and enter the bathroom on your left.  Wait next to the rug that is in front of the sink.
Go straight, walk past the double doors.  Keep walking into the kitchen area.  Walk past the island.  Go straight until you come to the hallway.  Stop there and wait.
Walk past kitchen. Walk past thermostat. Walk into bedroom. Wait on rug.
Walk up the stairs and into the first doorway on your right. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk across the patio to the other wall. Stop at the edge of the patio near the brick wall and the pillar of brick.
Walk along the poolside past the armchairs. Continue around the edge of the pool past the railings. Walk towards the open door with the two chairs up against the wall next to its entrance. Walk through the open doorway and into the spa area with fountains on the walls.
Walk past the fireplace and turn left. Walk into the hall and past the stairs through the second doorway on the right. Stop in front of the desk.
turn right, go past the couch, past the back of the brown chair, turn right toward the pool table, turn right toward the love seat.
Turn right. Go forward. Turn right at doorway. Go forward. Turn right again. Go forward and stop.
Start so that the top of the staircase is to your right and there is a hallway with a large door at the end.  Walk straight into the room and onto the red carpet.  Walk a few steps on the red carpet towards the dining table before stopping.
Go up the stairs. Take a left at the top of the stairs. Go into the bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Take a right after the pool table and take your first left and walk into the room and wait in between the two rooms.
Walk to the far end of the room and through the door at the end. Stop inside the doorway to the dining room.
Go down the stairs and turn right 180 degrees and follow the hall. Go through the doorway at the end of the hall. Take the first right and stand in the doorway of the bedroom with a large black-framed mirror sitting on the ground leaning against a wall.
Leave the art room an take a left. Go past the stairs and take a right into the kitchen Stop in the kitchen with the wine fridge on your left.
Go forward down the hall. At the end of the hall take a left, and take another left into the sitting room with the mural. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk into the bedroom toward the fireplace. Go around the fireplace on the left. Stop in the doorway before you reach the rug.
Leave the bedroom, and go straight ahead. Enter the bedroom straight ahead. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Walk out of the room and turn right to walk down the hall.  Walk along the staircase and continue through the door of the bedroom straight ahead.  Stop inside the door.
Turn right and exit the bathroom. Walk down the hallway once you pass the wine cellar, keep to the right to enter the next hallway. Go to the end of that hallway and turn to stop on the bottom step of the stairs.
Walk straight through the kitchen. Turn slightly right to continue walking straight down the hallway. Turn right and wait near the entrance of the second room on the left.
Go down the hallway to the right of the four pictures side of the hallway, turn right into the first archway and go straight, at the end of the hallway turn right and take a step into the room and stop.
Walk passed the dining table and continue towards the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen passed the counters and stove and stop near the sink.
Go up the stairs and stop at the top near the mirror.
Walk toward the kitchen counter and turn left. Walk into the kitchen past the stove and refrigerator and stop in front of the sink.
Walk straight until you can't anymore then turn left. Wait near the door way straight ahead.
Turn right, and then make a right again entering the room that is on the right of the painting placed on the wall. Walk inside the room, and stop next to the mirror sliding closet doors.
Turn around and walk across the kitchen. When you reach the stove, turn left and exit the room into the dining room. Walk past the table and stop at the other end.
Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn right and wait near the black mirror in the left wall.
Exit the bathroom and go right, then turn left at the big clock and go into the bedroom and wait next to the bed.
Go straight into the hallway.
Walk down the hallway and wait near the end, next to the mirror and side table.
Walk through the bedroom and out into the hall way. Turn left and walk up to the stairs. Walk up to the first step and stop.
Walk up stairs, walk in between table and chairs and couch, walk through doors, walk past living room to stairs, wait on 1st step.
Walk up the three stairs and turn right. Walk towards the living room and turn right. Wait by the coffee table.
Walk down the stairs and pass the fire extinguisher. Go down the stairs into the room and climb the pool steps. Stop beside the pool.
Walk straight into the kitchen area. Turn left and exit the kitchen and stop there.
Walk clockwise around the bed and exit the room through the door to the hallway on the left side of the bed.  Stop after stepping on the rug in the hallway.
Exit the library area and go to the living are.  Turn right and wait at the wooden chair.
Turn right and go down the hallway then turn left.Pass the chair on the left and turn right into the kitchen. Wait near the fridge.
face  directly away from stairs and walk through doorway straight ahead, right immediately, walk past bed and turn right into closet, walk straight and stop in front of toilet.
Go straight up the stairs. Wait at the top.
Walk right past the clock and couch. Turn right and stop to the left of the end table.
Leave this sitting room and head towards the kitchen. Enter the pantry through the first door on the left. Stop once you pass the archway.
Walk past the archway and around the pew; then stand between the third and forth podium , in front of the fifth seat.
Turn left and walk across the lawn towards the dark grey fence. Turn left again and walk down the side of the house. Stop before the second stair step on the walkway.
Walk to the back of the couch and stop at the pool table.
Walk up brown wooden steps, and head inside through sliding glass door.  Walk to couch.  Wait here.
Exit the bathroom, and turn left. Turn left at the bed and exit the room. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk out through the door. Follow the red carpet to the right of the table. Stop in the next doorway.
Walk toward and past the kitchen bar area. Continue forward and turn right just before the stairs that go down. Stop at the entrance to the area on your left with four white chairs, next to the table with the white flowers on it.
Exit the room into the hallway, travel up the stairs on your right, take a left and continue up the stairs and wait near the top of the last step.
Walk up stairs into sitting room, stop next to coffee table.
Turn around and walk across the room and exit. Once out, walk forward and turn right when you reach the bookcase to your left. Turn left and walk through the kitchen storage area and through the kitchen and stop when you reach the end of the counter.
walk through the doorway directly opposite and slightly to the left of the fireplace, turn left in the hallway and walk down the staircase on the left stop in the doorway to the outside.
Turn left after the couch. Walk into the sitting area on the left and wait there.
Move forward through the kitchen, enter the room to the right, wait near the bedroom doorway.
Walk in front of the seats across the room and stop before the 6th seat from the left.
Turn around and exit the exercise room. Turn left and walk across the wooden hallway. Walk across the kitchen towards the doors the exit the house. Wait there.
Walk into the kitchen, walk past the stove, wait near the telephone.
Go down the stairs.  Go into the room straight ahead on the slight left. Wait there.
Walk between the two kitchen islands and then turn right. Pass through the stone archway and stop just after you pass through it. Wait there.
Walk past the set of stairs and through the hallway. Walk down the hallway passed the next set of stairs also and follow the banister through the hall. Walk into the room at the end of the hall that has a blackboard on the wall and large letters above.
Go straight through the doorway.  Go to the left and then left again till you see the star burst pattern on the floor  Go through the bedroom doorway and stop when you get to the bed.  Wait there.
Walk up the stairs Through the doorway on the left. Make a left in the room and stop before the two manikins.
Go straight along the dining table and then down the path in between the kitchen counters and sofas. Continue straight ahead, stopping next to the mirror before the front door.
Following the red carpet, exit the room to the right. Continue straight passed the chest of drawers on the right and a series of 7 photo displays on the left. Still straight on the red carpet passed 2 sets of chairs and through the doorway stopping just through the threshold.
Go up the current set of stairs, and continue up the next set. Take a right and enter the room at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the door to the room on the left.
Go through the large wooden doors and turn right. Pass the photos on the left and pass the second set of wooden doors. Continue going straight and stop at the chair at the end of the table.
Walk all the way across the room. Stop by the doorway.
Leave the fitness room and go down the hall on the left of the wine rack. Enter the TV room on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Walk through the door on the right and into the hallway. Turn left and walk down the stairs. Stop on the second step from the top.
Make a right and exit living area, walk past living area, and kitchen, make a right toward outside patio and wait.
Walk through the entryway and turn left. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn around and exit the doorway. Turn left and exit the door. Stop next to the pool.
Walk up stairs. At top of stairs turn right. Walk straight to bedroom. Turn left and walk to bed lamp.Turn left and enter closet. Stop at rug.
Walk out of the bedroom and straight down the hallway and take a left down the corridor off the hallway and take a right into the hallway with the gray wall and stop and the edge of the table closest to you when you enter.
Go straight into the bedroom and through the door in the back left corner. Stop by the railing.
Turn around and go passed the couch, then turn left and take an immediate right passed the painting. Turn left and go straight through the first door on the left.
Walk through the arched entry way that leads into the tiled room with a mosaic floor. Walk through the arched entry way to the left of the stairs. Continue down the tiled hall through the open door ahead into the bedroom with red bedsrpread.
Enter the open door opposite the stairs to go down. Make a right just before the round bedside table. Walk through the closet. Wait at the toilet.
Turn around and walk across the dining room area. Enter the leftmost doorway. Wait by the glass sign on the left.
Exit closet, and walk past bed. Walk out open bedroom door, and wait at top of stair landing.
Go towards the dining room table. Go out on the entryway and cross to the other side of the hallway beside the entryway.
Walk into the kitchen between the counters and enter the living room. Take a right into the fitness room on the right. Stop at the back edge of the treadmill.
Walk towards the silver refrigerator.  Walk up the steps on the left.  Wait at top of stairs.
Walk straight into the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the door on the left.
GO straight, take a left once you enter the bedroom. Stop in the bathroom.
Turn left into the wine cellar. Walk to the end of the room. Wait in front of the table with the barrels underneath it.
Walk through the kitchen and take the first left just past it. Then go and stop in the doorway of the small room with the sink.
Exit the bathroom then go straight until you get to a room. Wait by the desk.
Leave the bedroom and take a left in the hallway. Go straight and go into the room that is the second on the left. Stop in the doorway to the room.
Go toward the two brown daybeds. Continue past them and turn right. Go past the daybeds again to the pool table.
Turn left and go straight to exit the closet and keep going into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn left and walk out into the hallway. Turn into the last door on your left and stop when you enter the bedroom.
Exit the closet. Turn right. Turn left and then turn left again. Walk toward the large table and chairs then wait there.
Walk up the steps and make a sharp turn left. Walk up the steps and into the room straight across. Stop just inside the room.
Take a right and then walk down the hall to the left of the stairs. Wait nest to the bed.
Exit the room. Turn left and then turn left again. Go into the room and past the bed. Turn left into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Exit bathroom and turn right into kitchen. Stop before kitchen island.
Go straight toward the stairs. When you get to the stairs on the left. Stop there.
Walk around the brown leather ottoman, angling slightly right towards the clock on the wall. Turn right at the clock and walk forward. Wait near the dining table.
Turn right and follow the red station barrier (rope) towards the painting of the man in red pants.  Turn right and go through the open brown wooden doors into the next museum room.  In this room walk straight forward and stop on the red carpet beside the red chair at the end of the table with the large chandelier above it.
Go straight through the doorway on the right. Walk toward the bottom of the staircase and stop.
Walk down the stairs, stop at the bottom.
Exit the closet and go straight until you get to the bed. Turn left and exit the room. Turn left and go into the bedroom. Wait at the entrance.
Walk through the doorway, take a left through the 2nd doorway, stop right before the plant on the right side.
Walk through the doorway into the dining room and walk straight back to the door leading outside. When you get to the door make a right and walk down the hallway. Walk straight down the hall and wait in the doorway of another dining area.
walk away from the sink towards the refrigerator, walk straight until you reach the wall and turn left, walk straight through the living room past the TV and through the sliding glass door, stop when you are outside.
Turn right to head down the hallway. Go to the end of the hallway and turn into the last bedroom on the left. Stop once in the door.
Turn around and head down the stairs.  Then walk to the open white door and stand in the doorway. Wait by the sink.
Walk through ght hallway, to the right of the clock. Walk through the doorway, to the right of the stairs. Walk down the couple of steps, and stop at the bottom.
From the sunken tub, head towards the exit, climbing three steps. Continue forward to another short staircase of three steps and climb them. Stop at the entrance to the room on your right.
Exit the sewing room. Turn right. Go toward the glass cabinet with the dolls in it. Turn into the doorway on the left. Pass the bed and go through the next doorway on the left into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Turn right when you pass the stairs. Walk straight and then turn right. Pass the table with the chairs and wait near the kitchen area.
Go straight passed the pool and stop by the right of the bar.
Go through the door and turn left. Go to the left of the stairs. Stop in the doorway to the left of the white double doors.
Go up the stairs and take a left. Walk towards the couch and chairs in the sitting area. Walk through the sitting area and stop in front of the first door to the balcony on your left.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk to the left of the bed and turn left into the closet. Turn right and walk into the room with the toilet and stop.
exit into the pool room and stop before pool.
Go through the doorway to the bedroom and walk past the bed to the door on the right. Enter the bathroom and stop by the first sink.
Walk down stairs.  Once you reach the bottom, turn hard left.  Enter the room straight ahead.  Wait here.
With the sliding glass door behind you, head out of the room and take a quick dog leg to the left. Go past the kitchen, then turn right and stand between the kitchen and the couch.
Go right and head up the right side of the house. Go up one step then wait there.
Go down the stairs. Once down the stairs go forward down the hall, and take the first left into the dining room. Stop on the rug between the credenza, and the door frame.
Walk down the hallway towards the windows. Pass the kitchen and keep going. Take a right and stop next to the rug in front of the couch.
Walk to the other end of the cabinet. Continue going straight until you see a door on the left. Go through the door, and enter the bathroom.
Continue down the stairs.  You'll see a big starburst tile on the floor, turn right and go into the first doorway on the right.  There will be a big mirror in the room.  You'll stop and wait just inside this room.
Walk past the refrigerator and into the sitting area with the television.  Walk past the sitting area and onto the deck outside.  Stop once you have stepped onto the deck.
Walk down the hallway past the painting and along the mirrored wall into the bedroom. Walk beside the bed and into the bathroom.  Wait inside the bathroom, next to the shower.
Go up the small staircase. Turn right, Go to the second stair going down and stop.
walk away from fireplace, turn left and walk up the stairs, curve right, walk up more, curve right and walk up all of the stairs, turn left at the top of the stairs, stop in the doorway to the bedroom straight ahead.
Walk up the stairs to the second landing, then turn left. Wait on the rug, near the doorway.
Walk up the stairs, take a left and continue up the stairs, then head straight up the radiator, enter the door on the left and stand near the table.
With the window on the right, move forward and wait in the entrance of the next room.
Walk up the stairs, then turn right at the second doorway. Wait by the plant.
Walk through the open door into the hallway. Move diagonally to the right to the archway next to the bureau and wall mirror. Walk down the small arched corridor and enter the bedroom with a fireplace. Wait by the bed on the left and the open door on the right.
Go to the pottery. Go to the bar. Go to the microwave.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Walk towards the curio cabinet and turn left again. Enter the bedroom and walk past the dresser. Exit through the door to the left and wait near the sink.
With the painted scene on the wall behind you, exit the conversational area through the wide arched opening and turn right. Continue past the two arched openings to your right and go through the narrow arched opening directly ahead of you. Stop in front of the wooden door directly to your right.
Walk past the couch and left through the room into the hallway. Walk past the microwave out of the room and stop.
walk straight through the double wood doors, follow the red carpet straight to the next doorway and stop where the carpet splits off.
Go around the roped area and through the door on the left. Walk straight and stop left of the table and chairs.
Head a bit ahead and towards the double doors on the left towards the kitchen. Stop upon reaching the counter.
Turn around and go down the stairs. Turn right at the bottom of the stairs and then go into the room with the rug and the table. Stop here.
Turn left and then turn right into the hallway. Walk straight until almost get to a room with a bookcase.Before you go to the room turn right and then turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
you are in a closet, walk forward, turn right to walk out of closet into a bed room. turn right and see bath room, walk into bathroom and wait near the tub and sink.
Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Turn left and turn left again and turn right into the bathroom after the white rug.
Walk up all the stairs. Make a right around the banister. Make a right into the room with the bed. Make a left into the open storage area that houses the white rug.
Go straight until you pass all the couches and chairs. Stop by the large picture of the bridge.
Walk past the bed, through the doorway.  You'll go past the top of the stairs and a mirror.  Keep going, through the white door.  You'll be in a bedroom.  Stop and wait just inside that room.
walk straight along edge of pool, turn slight left and continue towards counter. Turn left and go up stairs. Stop at the double open doors.
TURN COMPLETELY AROUND UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPEN DOOR WITH A WINDOW TO THE LEFT AND A PATIO TO THE RIGHT, WALK FORWARD THOUGH THE DOOR AND INTO A DINNING ROOM, TURN LEFT AND WALK TO THE END OF THE DINNING TABLE, YOU WILL BE FACING AN OPEN DOOR, WALK THOUGH THE OPEN DOOR INTO A WIDE HALLWAY.
Turn around and exit the door into the workout room. Walk to the end of the first machine and turn left. Walk forward until you exit through the arch way into the living room. Stand so you are in the living room even with the right side of the archway .
Walk through the doors opposite the bathroom. Walk past the piano and continue past the violin on the wall. Stop in front of table with the large vase.
Exit the room and walk to the end of the hallway. Wait at the bottom of the steps.
Turn around and enter the hallway. Then walk down the stairs. Stand near the front door.
Go upstairs, turn right, walk into the bedroom, walk towards the night stand on the left side of the bed, turn left, walk towards the white rug, while facing the closet turn right into  the second door, stop in front of the toilet.
Walk through the archway to the right and into the bathroom. Wait in the room to the right with the toilet.
Go down the stairs and straight down the hall. Veer right into the living room and walk into the kitchen. In the kitchen stop behind the chair on the right at the first black table.
Go down the stairs and turn right.  Stop on the grey tile in front of the window panel farthest to the left.
Walk forward along red carpet. Stop at the fire extinguisher.
Walk through the TV room. Go to the door to the outside area that is on the left side Stop to the right of the door.
Go up four stairs. Go to the sunset painting. Go to the marble table. Go to the oven. Go to the dining room table.
Stay on red carpet and walk towards decorative chair.  Continue to follow the red carpet as you turn left at the decorative chair.  Make another left to follow the carpet.  Wait in front of doorway with fire extinguisher.
Go between the counters, turn left, turn right, and stop before the display and dining room.
Walk up the steps and turn left. Walk toward the front door and turn right at the steps. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the steps.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and walk towards the steps. At the large black steps, turn left and walk down the few small wood steps and stop at the bottom.
Go up the steps. Turn right and go straight until you get to the phone and vase with flower. Then turn right. Wait in that room.
Walk straight past the table and through the second doorway on the left.  Walk up two stairs and wait there.
When you leave the sitting area and go to the dinning area, make a left then make another left near the outside door. Now go into the kitchen and make a right. You should stop between the island and counter.
Go through the open door to the right of the closet door. Go down the hallway and stop at the edge of the counter.
Go into the arch and walk straight down the hallway until you get to the last door on the left. Go into the laundry room on the left and wait near the washer and dryer.
Walk past outdoor living room. Make right at outdoor dining. Walk to chair in tv room. Wait at threshold to dining room.
Leave the toilet closet and take a left. Enter the closet through the first door on the right.Stop just inside the door.
Walk towards oven and turn right through doorway. Go down hallway and turn left  and wait at bathroom.
Walk into the kitchen area. Walk by the sink and oven. Walk straight into the hallway. turn right into the little room. Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop by the corner of the bed.
Turn left and walk straight across the kitchen and through the storage area. Once out, turn right and then enter the last room on the left and stop in the doorway.
Walk through the living room past the front doors.  Stop next to the chair by the lamp.
Walk straight, then turn left and exit the bathroom. Turn left, and walk through the doorway and down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go down the path on the left towards the large dining room. Enter and go down the red carpet on the right side of the room, stopping at the door leading into another room.
Turn around and exit the kitchen. Turn right and then another right to enter into the bedroom. Wait in the bedroom doorway.
Walk down the hall, take the first right and wait in the short hallway between the two doors.
Make a right at the top of the stairs and go into the bedroom then make a left. Make another left to leave the bedroom then make a slight right and go to the doorway of the room to the right of the closet and wait.
Turn toward the kitchen and walk through the doorway on the right.  Go into the room on the right that has the wall of mirrors.  Stop in front of the closet on the left.
Exit the bathroom and go down the stairs. Enter the last doorway on the left and stop just before stepping on the rug.
Leave the bathroom and go straight across through the pantry and kitchen Stop just past the counters in the kitchen.
Turn left and walk past the sink. Turn left and exit the room. Turn right into the kitchen and tun right again to walk in front of the counter.  Walk forward stopping right before you are in front of the kitchen sink.
Walk forward and turn right, exiting the room. Continue forward and turn right, walking past the mirror and side table. Enter the bedroom and turn left. Turn left again and wait inside the doorway.
Turn to face ceiling lamp in the shape of a star. Walk toward lamp. Walk past lamp through hall. Walk past stairs. Continue through foyer past front door and wooden seat to go down next hall. Turn slight left at dark brown wooden arch. Walk through arch toward dining table. Stop before dining table.
Keep walking forward passing the entire picture frames wall on the right. Stop in front of the door that is visible on the left.
Walk into the kitchen, around the dining table to the buffet. Stop and wait there.
Turn hard right and exit the exercise area. Walk towards the white sofas. Turn left and walk past the leftmost archway. Wait by the kitchen counter.
Head straight until you get to a large door on your left with two large black vases on each side and wait there.
From the end of the hallway at the starting point, go down the path to the left into the kitchen. Keep going straight out of the kitchen and continue to the left a bit and stop at the dining table.
Exit the kitchen, walk down the hall and wait in the exercise room.
Walk towards the stairs and down the hall next to the stairs. Wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall.
Turn right and exit the bathroom. Once out, turn right and walk forward and then enter the door on the right beside the desk and stop.
face four kitchen bar stools, turn left, turn right after the last kitchen bar stool and walk straight through kitchen, stop in the middle of the stone arch doorway.
Walk straight then talk a right at the window and wait by the pool table.
Walk up two flights of stairs and continue onto the long rug in the hallway. Stop in the middle of the long rug and turn left. Enter the room and wait on the pink rug next to the lamp that is sitting on a cabinet.
Turn around and walk to the end of the bed. At the end of the bed turn right and walk to the hallway. Once at the entrance way, walk through the hallway to the next room.
Turn around and exit into the hallway. Turn right and enter the next room. Turn left and walk to the other side of the kitchen. Once you walk pass the kitchen, turn in the first door to the right and stop once you reach the long table with chairs.
walk across living room behind couch to pool table. Stop at pool table.
Exit the room. Go forward and enter the room with a dog statue on the floor. Turn left and exit the room. Go forward till the rail of the stair. Enter the room on the left and stop. Wait there.
Exit the closet. Turn right at the mirror. Go through the doorway. Go through the doorway on the right side and stand in front of the sink.
Go up the stairs and take a left. Enter the office through the french doors. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the room then turn left and go up the steps then turn right and turn right and wait near the beige couches.
Make a right and head down hallway,  make a right and head toward the staircase, and wait and second step.
Walk up the stairs and make a sharp turn left. Walk up the stairs and turn left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go down hallway towards the staircase. Go up the staircase and wait at the top.
Walk out of the bedroom. Turn right and walk down the hallway. At the end of the hallway turn left. Walk in front of the couch and stop.
Turn around on the stairs and go down them.  Then go past the couch, veer to the right and towards the kitchen.  Stop and wait by the big counter.
Go up the stairs, and then turn around and go through the door past the stairs. Walk up to the bed, then turn to the right and walk into the doorway. Stop there.
Go straight through the kitchen. Wait near the table and chairs.
Go straight down the hall and go up the stairs. Stop at the 3rd step.
Walk down the stairs towards and past the atrium.  Head towards the kitchen and wait in the dining area.
Walk forward through the doorway, stop and wait in the hall.
Walk through kitchen. Walk through butler's pantry. Walk to right of bathroom. Wait at black "New York" books.
exit the room then turn hard left, walk forward down the stairs and stop at the front of the bathroom.
Walk past the short side of the table and chairs. Walk through the open area into the room with a round table. Turn left and stand in the doorway.
exit room walk through double doors stop on top step of hottub.
Continue up the stairs and wait inside the gym.
Turn around and go through the archway. Turn to the left of the door and stop in the bathroom.
Turn right and then turn left . Turn right into the room then wait near the antelope head.
Go through the single door on the right.Turn left and go through the door on the left.  Stand by the bottom right side of the massage table.
Walk around the table and exit the room.  Walk down the first set of stairs. Wait there.
Walk from closet into bedroom. Turn left into bathroom. Wait on bathroom mat.
Walk past sisal carpet runner. Wait at open white door.
Turn around so your facing the fireplace wall. Move forward through the sitting area and wait near the desk.
Exit the bathroom and enter the hall. Take a left in the hall and then enter another hall. Take a right at this hall, then take a left to enter another bathroom.
walk straight past Tv, past fridge, up 5 stairs and stop at the top.
Walk through the hall ahead past the glass door and the painting on the wall. Walk through the door near the painting and into the next hallway. Walk around the banister rails to the staircase. Walk down the first few stairs.
Exit sitting room and go straight to steps. Take steps down. turn right at landing and continue down steps. Stop in the hallway.
Walk out of the bedroom and take a right into the bathroom. In the bathroom take your first right  into the water closet and stop in front of the door.
Turn around where you stand and walk around to chair to your left and continue forward to the end of the wood counter to your right. Turn slightly to your right and walk past the pillar that is between the lamp and the stairs going down.  Stop between the pillar and the stairs.
With the window behind you, walk straight past the table and kitchen area and through the doorway.  Keep going until you get to a separate sitting room on the left with blue walls and white couches.  Walk into the room and stop once you step on the carpet.
Face the two white chairs and stand next to the chair on the right.  Walk parallel to the stairs down the room and stop by the wooden post on the right, just past the end of the rug.
Go forward and wait in tront of the sink.
turn round and walk past the billiard table, walk straight on, stop by the window.
Walk by the treadmill into the living room. Turn left at the couch. Walk to the end of the couch and turn right. Walk along the couch until there is a large archway on the left side. Walk through the large archway on the left side. Wait by the vase of flowers on the tile.
Turn around and go through the door. Turn right and continue down the red carpet. Stop at the end of the hall and the door.
Turn around and exit the room out the double white doors and turn left. At the vases turn left and stop when you are beside the bottom of the steps.
Walk downstairs and go to the door on the right at the end of the room, and wait just inside the doorway.
Position yourself so that the red carpet leads to a bed with curtains.  Walk straight towards this bed and stop in the doorway of the room and then stop.
Exit the bedroom and take a left. Enter another bedroom and wait there, next to the table and lamp.
Continue straight down hallway towards stairs, turn left at open door and enter, walk to center of room and turn right, walk straight and stop at antelope head.
Exit the bathroom, turn right, walk down the hallway, turn left, wait at the front door to the house.
Go past a display case, through a hallway with an eye chart, into the waiting area, and stop in front of a light beige couch with six pillows.
Walk past the dining room table and towards the kitchen. Go up the first set of stairs to the left of the kitchen. Stop at the top of the stairs next to the white door.
Go down the hallway to the right. Keep going until the end of the hall, then enter the dining room. Stop a few steps before the dining table.
Turn around and exit the room. Leave through the hallway and pass the painting. Turn left and exit the hallway. Turn left and stop.
Exit through double doors, walk along the red carpet to the other end of the room. Wait by the second set of double doors.
Walk past the refrigertor, turn right and walk up the stairs, stop just before the bannister of the stairs on your right.
Walk past the stairs and down the hall. Walk Through the entryway and stop just past the glass wine cellar.
Turn around and walk to the chair, then take a right. Walk past the bed, and across the hallway, and stop in the doorway.
Walk down the hall. Stop under the hanging light in the hallway.
walk into hallway, turn left and enter kitchen walk straight down kitchen into hallway. stop facing bathroom.
Go into the kitchen area. Turn left. Take the first right into the dining area. Walk past the dining table. Stop left of the tall lamp with a white lampshade.
Walk towards the black couch, and walk between the couch and the counter.  Go straight down the hallway and passed the sitting area on the left.  Continue straight. Stop by the small table and large mirror hanging on the wall.
Go down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs go into the library which is the second room on the right. Stop on the rug close to the books on the shelf.
Walk past the counters and exit the kitchen. Wait next to the landscape painting on the wall.
Travel up the stairs on right past the fridge, move down the hallway until the bottom on the stairwell, take a right towards the bathroom and wait just beyond the stairs.
Walk downstairs and wait inside the second door on the left.
Go to the bottom of the staircase. Turn right and go to the pool table. From the pool table, go to the coffee table.
Turn left and exit the room. Walk straight across and enter the double doors at the end of the hallway. Stop once inside the door.
Go straight until you pass the grey couches then turn left into the hallway. Wait there.
Turn around and walk towards the large clock. Once you reach the clock, turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk straight across the bedroom and into the small door in front of you. Stop once you enter the closet.
Turn left at the lamp. Wait next to the beige chairs and the double glass doors.
Walk along the patio. Stan behind the table at the end and stop.
Exit the room. Walk straight past the stairs and into the room ahead. Wait at the entrance.
Go down the hall on the left and into the living room. Go through the door on the right until you reach the treadmill.
Walk straight and pass the couches then pass the white table with the four chairs and stop by the brick wall.
Walk past fridge. Walk up stairs. Wait on top of stair landing.
Walk straight ahead until you reach the bed. Turn left and walk out the door to the left. Once out, turn right and then enter the door on your right and stop once you enter.
Turn to the left and walk down the hallway to exit the kitchen. Once you reach the end of the hallway Turn right and stop in front of the last bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway.
With the staircase to your right, go forward and turn right at the bottom of the staircase. Continue forward and take three steps down until you're at the doorway leading into a bathroom.
Walk past the white couch on the left. Go through the entryway and past the oval table. Stop at the rectangular table.
Walk forward and enter the next room.  Stop at the doors on the far side.
Pass the mirror on your right. Pass between chairs. Keep the bed on your right and go into the hallway.
Walk past the table and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop.
Go down the hallway past the mirror.  Turn left at the picture with the letters. Step through the doorway into the kitchen.
Had past the wooden table and towards the two archways.  Walk through the archway on the left. Turn left and go down the hall. Make a right after the light switches and stop in the archway.
Head in the direction of the wine cellar on the left, and enter it. Stop behind the table at the far end.
Go to the stairs Go to the Buck's Country Go to the footstool Go to the semiround chair Go to the right four metres Go to the pool table.
walk forward slightly, make a  right and walk toward the living room, and wait next to the black couches.
Turn around and exit the room to the right of the TV. Once out turn left and walk to the end of the hallway and then turn right. Walk down the hallway past the piano and then stop when you enter the next doorway and the floor is in a circle pattern.
Walk through the double doors next to the red cushioned bench. Stop just after the red path turns right, near the first of two information signs next to each other.
You should walk down the red carpet and stop at the doorway of the next room.
Facing the long table in the center of the room, turn left, then walk straight, and turn left and go through the open doorway to the right of a blue vase on a table. Continue straight down the red path until it turns left and goes through a doorway. Stop in that doorway.
Turn left and walk toward the stairs on the right. Go up the stairs and stop at the top.
Turn around and exit the room. Turn left and exit the room on the left. Then Stop in the doorway.
Go out of the bedroom towards some stairs.  Pass the stairs and go into a bedroom with some posters of girls on the wall and wait at the doorway to the bathroom.
Follow the hallway to the end with the archway. Go through the archway and stop.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Continue straight down the hall until you reach the kitchen.
Turn right on the second arch. Turn left. Pass the kitchen. Wait near the fireplace.
Walk to the right of the coutch and through the doors to the tan couch  Pass through the dining room and wait outside.
Walk out of the bedroom and walk across the room and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Keeping the closed door to your rear, traverse the long carpet until you walk passed the stairway leading up. You will then catch a glimpse of some stairs leading down and towards the outside. Go on and head down all of these stairs. Once at the bottom of the stairs, hang a right. Twist to the right and traverse the next set of stairs.Traveling quickly forward until your reach your destination of the display case. Stop moving until you are told next where to go.
Turn right and walk through both doorways. Keep walking and wait at the top of the stairs.
With the violin on your right, start walking down the hallway, passing a piano on your left. At the end of the hallway, take a left and then an immediate right into a bedroom.
Walk up the stairs. At the top of the stairs take a right and enter the room at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the large shell on the floor.
Walk through the bedroom passed the open double doors near the wall shelves. Walk down the hallway along the banister rails. Walk around the corner past the stairwell into the living room area and walk towards the center island with cushioned bar stools.
Go straight and enter the first door on the right. Continue down the red carpet and enter the second set of doors, stopping inside the bedroom.
Turn around and go down the hall on the left of the stairs. Go towards the pots and stop next to the large double doors.
Go in the bedroom on the left. Turn left and go past the bed and exit the bedroom past the mannequin. Turn right and wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk down the hallway passed the potted plant. Walk passed the counter and bar stools. Walk towards the staircase and turn right around the corner. Walk passed the ceramic urns and through the arched entryway. towards the circle of  armchairs.
Walk upstairs into the kitchen. Wait in the doorway to the dining area.
Go forward in the direction of the bar stools, and take the first right. Go down the hall and take a right into the pantry. Stop once you enter.
Walk up the stairs.  Walk forward through living room, past the wooden support pole.  Stop in front of the chair and futon.
walk forward with the railing on your right. In the bedroom take a right and enter the bathroom. Stand next to the toilet once in the bathroom.
Go straight, pass the piano and the pictures on the wall then turn left and head down the hallway then turn right and stop by the bed.
Go to the rug in front of the outside doorway. Go to the dining room table. Go to the right of the fireplace. Go through the door.
Go down the stairs and take a right. Go down the hall that runs along the stairs. Take the second right past the stairs. Enter the bedroom and stop in the doorway.
Walk forward down the hall past the table on the left. Continue going forward to you reach the open doorway to the left. Turn left and walk forward, stop in front of the doorway to the bathroom. Turn right and enter that hallway stop and wait in front of the sink on your right.
Move past the stairs and through the next room.  Wait in the entrance to the kitchen.
From the starting position go straight down the hallway, passing the first door. Stop when there is a sink to the right, before entering the next room with the barbecue grill.
Exit out the door to the left side of the room. Once out turn left and enter the double wood doors. Once inside the room, stop at the end of the reception desk.
Walk through the entry way to the left of the stove. Once through, turn right and enter the dining room. Walk through the dining room to the left and enter the sitting room. Once you enter the sitting room, turn right. Walk through the double doors and into the room with the pool table. Stop beside the pool table once you walk in.
Walk through the open double doors into a room with a dining table.  Walk straight ahead to the next set of double doors.  Stop right next to the metal thing on the wall.
Go up the steps next to the minibar and continue down the hallway, until stopping after entering the last door on the right.
Walk to the end of the hallway, pass the bathroom and wait by the laundry room.
Turn left to face bed. Walk past bed and out of door. Walk across hall to next bedroom. Stop in doorway.
Walk out of the bathroom and straight across the hall. Walk down the steps and stop.
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Turn left at the eye exam. Turn right to enter the kitchen. Stop at the sink.
Exit sitting room, turn left and go up stairs. At landing turn left and go up stairs. Stop at top of stairs.
Walk along the carpet. Turn left and enter the rightmost doorway. Wait on the first few steps of the stairs.
Head down the hallway pass the picture on the right of the people on horseback. At the intersection turn left. Go into the bedroom and stop next to the rug.
At the bottom of the stairs take a left and go down the hallway. Continue down the hall and take your first right into the art room. Stop once you are past the door in the art room.
Leave the bathroom and take a right. Enter the kitchen and go left. Go forward and leave the kitchen area. Stop outside of the dining room.
Leave the exercise room and walk left on the wood floor.  Continue straight past the sofas and through the kitchen.  Stop at the first bar stool near the potted plant on the counter.
Put the stairs behind you, and walk through the door in front of you. Turn left, and walk through that door. Go straight and stand just next to the pool.
Walk around the bed to the right and into the hallway. Wait at the end of the hallway.
Walk out of the bathroom past the sink and shower. Walk through the arched doorway down the hall with the throw rug. Walk into the room with wooden closet doors and two ceiling lamps.
Walk through open door and through hall, stop at bottom of stairs.
Walk up the stairs and through the door inside on the left.  Walk through the building towards the kitchen and start to go up the stairs on the left of the refrigerator.  Stop on the first step.
Turn around and walk through the small archway, turn hard right, then stop and wait in the hallway.
Walk out the door and take your first left, then take another left till you are walking through the doorway all the way to the left. Walk straight, right before you reach the bed.
While standing in the grass turn left and go to the wooden stairs that lead to the building. Next you need to walk up the stairs and to the glass door that goes into the sitting room. Then go inside the sitting room and make the first right turn so you are in the dining area, wait just inside the dining area.
Exit the room and then go down the hallway until you get a frame on the wall to your right with a bear and balloons that says "welcome" and wait there.
Walk down the hallway passed the chairs and counters. Continue down the hallway, passed the kitchen Enter the room on the right and walk passed the table and chairs. Walk toward the couch.
Walk next to the first white chair on its right side, walk straight towards the older floral chair, take a right towards the stairs and stop.
You should leave the dinning area and go to the right so you can be in the hall between the sitting area and kitchen. Now follow the hall to the end and wait in the doorway to the foyer.
Stand with the doors to your left and walk straight towards the white urn with plants.  Go through the doorway on the left and stop in the middle of the circle mosaic on the floor of the room.
Walk down the hall to the last bar bench. Make a right into the connecting hallway. Make a left at the opening of the first room.
Walk out of the laundry room into the hallway. Walk along the hallway passed the windows towards the entryway at the end of the hall. Continue through the arched entryway and into the kitchen area, stopping near the island counter top.
GO slightly to the right and walk past the table.  You'll go into the other room, turn right and then past the big diadem circle tile, past the stairs, and then to the right.  Enter the hallway by the mirror and wait.
Exit the bedroom, turn right, walk down the hall to the bathroom across from the second window, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink.
Go to the plant Go to the rope Go to the steamroom door Go to the table.
Turn right and walk up the first set of stairs. Wait at the bottom of the second set of stairs.
Exit the bathroom and turn right to walk out of the bedroom.  Walk to the top of the stairs and stop on the third step down.
Head toward the round table and four chairs then make a left turn toward the kitchen and then turn right and stand by the kitchen sink.
Pass the clock on your right, and keep walking straight. Make a right turn at the first right corner. Make another right at the next right corner that has a white cabinet on its right. Stop inside the room.
Walk out of bathroom and stand on white bath mat.
Exit the room, turn left and walk into the farthest room on the left. Wait by the entrance of the bedroom.
Turn left and walk past the kitchen and then through the living room.  Turn right at the eye chart and stand next to the bathroom door.
Walk past the shelves and through the kitchen. Turn left after the kitchen and enter the doorway to the left of the squiggle painting. Stop before the sink, next to the towels.
Walk through the kitchen and into the hallway on the left by the refrigerator. And wait in the room across the hall.
Walk to the far end of the lobby and wait under the exit sign.
Walk past the table and chairs. Walk past the bar with the stools. After you pass that turn left and wait near the two white couches and the coffee table.
Turn right and walk down the hall until you enter the kitchen.  Then turn right and walk into the living room.  Stand near the end table.
Go through the kitchen, into the pantry. Out of the pantry take a right and go through the den and stop in the doorway to the bedroom on the right.
Exit bathroom and follow hallway through archway directly in front. Turn right when hallway ends at pictures and table. Follow hallway passed piano and stop in the circle on the hallway floor.
Head down the hallway and down the stairs. Then go out the door to go outside and wait there.
walk across living room behind couch, turn left at couch, Walk directly across the living room, stop at stairs.
Go up stairs and turn left to stairs. Stop between stairs and large double doors.
Walk out of the bedroom and down the hallway past the little living area on the right. Walk into the door into the next bedroom.
Go stand behind the nearest of the three chairs with white cushions at the kitchen bar.
Walk toward the oven.  Go through the archway on your right that is past the painting of the girl in a blue bonnet.  Go through the doorway on your left.  Stop in front of the small sink, before you reach the grill.
Go to the hallway, take a right, and at the intersection take a left, stopping at the bar.
Exit the closet and go the bedroom. Turn left and exit the bedroom. Walk straight to the top of the stairs and turn right. Walk straight forward and enter the bedroom in from of you. Wait just inside the doorway.
Make a left out the room with the toilet and walk past the bathtub.  The bathtub will be on your right as you pass.  Go thought the first door on your right to enter the closet.  Stop as soon as you enter the closet.
Go across the room until your infront of the big doors. Turn right and stay next to the left side of the smallest chair in couch area.
Turn right and go down the hall, turn left at the circle and continue into the next room.
Walk through the small room with a lounge chair and dresser. Turn the corner and walk passed the sink. Walk into the kitchen area through the door on the other end. Stop near the long wooden dining table with pictures on the wall next to it.
Turn around and walk towards the stairs. Walk down the first flight of stairs. Continue down the second flight of stairs and stop in the middle of the little hallway at the bottom of the stairs.
Pass between the two couches, and to an open area, then turn towards the stairway.  Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk across the large room to the stairs. Wait under the stairs that lead downstairs.
Go straight through the large entryway and turn right, go passed the large table and stop in the entryway.
Go forward by the windows, and then stop by the lamp.
Exit the kitchen and go towards the small table set. Turn right and turn right again past the table. Wait by the white couches in the next room.
Leave the sitting room and go left. Take a right before you enter the foyer. Take a right before you enter the office area. Enter the bathroom on the left.
Turn right 90 degrees to walk between the desk and the seating area. Proceed straight towards the stairs that go down. Stop when you are standing directly in front of the banister for the stairs leading down that is made of wood and wagon wheels and cog wheels. The stairs will be on your left and the kitchen area will be ahead of you and on the right.
Exit room and wait between the couch and kitchen island.
Go up the stairs to the next floor. Enter the first room on the right and stop just past the doorway.
Go towards the middle doorway, straight in front of you and stop at the arch.
Follow the red carpet straight and make the first left where the red carpet continues to go through the wooden doors. Wait outside of the room before entering through the wooden doors.
Walk past the piano to the oval door opening, walk straight ahead to the bathtub, stop right in front of bathtub.
Turn around and go passed the refridgerator. Turn right and go through the door. Stop near the large table.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Go through the doorway and walk to the right past the piano. Stop on the circular pattern in the tile in front of the violin and wait there.
Walk forward up the two set of three stairs.  Enter the room at the end of the hallway.Walk to the massage table, and stop.
Enter the doorway to your left. Walk straight down the hallway and turn right when you reach the double doors. At the door leading outside turn around and walk up 3 stairs and stop.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and stop inside the exercise room.
Walk up the three steps, and turn right at the corner. Turn right again to enter the living room, and stop in front of the coffee table.
Stand with the bed behind you and walk straight down the red carpet.  Go into the room with the tile floor and stop after a few steps closer to the middle of the room.
Go past the couch towards the kitchen area. Go between the kitchen and dining room table through the door way in the center. Turn right into the bedroom. Stop in front of the closet.
Walk across the room, past the pool table on your left side as you walk.  Stop in front of the television mounted on the wall across from the couch.
Walk past the table and turn right. Walk past the coffee table and couch and stop by the pool table.
Turn towards a large wooden manel, go forward through a doorway and continue down a red carpet between rope barriers until you reach the next doorway, facing a large bed,and stop.
Walk into the hallway and at the top of the stairs turn left and walk into the bedroom.  Walk past the right side of the bed and turn right into the closet and all the way through to the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet in the bathroom.
Walk down the walkway to the bedroom, take a right, then stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk past the guardrail and turn into the first bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Turn 90 degrees to the left. Walk through the doorway and down the hall. Pass through the archway, still walking straight. Keep straight throught the kithchen along the bar. Stop outside of the dinning room doorway.
Turn around and walk out of the bathrooom passing the bathtub and closet. Walk into the hallway and continue passed the stairwell and into the room on the opposite side with an open door and temperature controls on the wall next to the door. Walk into the room which has a bed with a striped pattern on the headboard.
Go to the edge of the platform near the grass and turn right. Continue until you are at the dark brick wall.
Go down the hallway and wait in the room next to the stairs.
Walk into the living room and keep walking straight past the living room. Then walk into the entrance under the balcony. Wait in the entrance to the other room.
Turn around, turn left at closet door. Take another left at bedroom door. Stop inside the second bedroom doorway.
Walk past closet doors. Walk through kitchen. Wait at dining room table.
Turn left at top of stairs.  Walk forward into bedroom.  Continue straight, and turn left into bathroom.  Wait here.
Walk all the way to the bottom on both flight of stairs, Walk straigh the the hallway to your left, and stop right before the rug.,.
Exit the dining room through the double doors on the far right. Stop outside the doors and wait.
Walk forward down the hall and turn right at the stairs. Walk past the stairs and into the next room. Wait near the entrance way.
Go up the stairs and turn left through the glass doors until you reach the first exercise machine.
Go around the table turn right and exit the kitchen. Turn left and go up two steps of the stairs.
Wall through the room to the next set of doors. You will see a gray plaque saying "SALA XVI" on the floor to your left. If you don't, you went the wrong way. Turn around and go the correct way.
Walk down hallway, turn right at stairs going down and continue into living room.
Walk past the chairs and Jacuzzi tub. Walk right up the stairs through the doorway. Walk up the stairs and turn right. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the room, turn right and go down the stairs, turn right and right again to the keep going down stairs, when you have reached the bottom stop.
Leave bedroom to stairs leading down. Stop at top of stairs in front of bed.
Take a right down the hall and go forward. Take a right and enter the pantry, then left into the bathroom, and through the bathroom into the fitness room. Stop once you enter the fitness room.
Go past the closet and exit the room, Walk through the hall and continue on past the microwave. Stop in front of the sink.
Go through the hallway, turn left at the intersection, go straight into middle room and then turn right and go straight into the dooryway and stop.
Walk forward across the room and walk through the panty followed by the kitchen.  Stand at the end of the kitchen.
Go through the doorway and to the left   follow straight before the bar and go to the lefft, until you go up the stairway, and take the first right stop at the the massage room.
Walk straight out the door in front of you and follow the red carpet. Keep going through the room with the ropes and stop when you enter the next room with ropes.
Turn around and walk to the right to enter the hallway. Go all the way down the hallway to the end and turn right. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk through the vaulted hallway right next to you, and turn right, continuing through the opening that's just to the left of the stairs leading upwards. Continue forward, this time going through the door opening to the left of the mirror, stopping next to the bed on your right.
Turn to your right and walk down the hallway past the piano to the end. Turn left when you reach the dresser drawers and stop in the doorway.
Go straight until you can turn left then turn left and left again going into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Walk through the kitchen between the sink and the stove. and down the hall.  Turn right before the bathroom.  Go into the bedroom.
Exit room with fireplace, turn right and go down stairs, turn right and go down stairs again, stop at base of stairs.
Exit the room into the house. Go down the hall straight. Go until you get to the violin mounted on the wall on your right.
Stand just outside the doorway into the starting room.
Go out through the open yellow door to your right.
Leave the living room and take the first left into the hall. Take a left past the stairs and walk down a hallway. take the first right in the hall and enter the art room. Stop inside the art room next tot he door.
Leave the room and take a right. Walk pas the stairs and enter the bedroom on the right. Stop once you pass the door to the bedroom.
Turn and walk down the hallway until you reach the 4th door to the right. This is the door right before entering the kitchen. Stop so you are in the hallway centered on the door.
Walk up the three steps, and go straight towards the room that is ahead of you that has a massage bed visible. Enter the room, and stop in front of the massage bed.
Walk through the room without the red carpet and through the next door into the room where there is a red carpet path again. Turn right on the patha nd continue on the path and stop in the next doorway, next to a rectangular table covered in red cloth.
continue down stairs, walk straight into lobby stop at tree.
With the door to your immediate left, go through the opening and turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue forward past the kitchen island on your right and stop at the entrance to the dining room.
Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and to the top of the stairs. Step to the third step down and stop.
Go to the wooden stairs. Go up the stairs and go between the couch and the table. Walk into the house through the sliding glass door. Go to the television. Go to the refrigerator. Go to the front of the toaster and stop.
Enter the bedroom. Turn right and exit the bedroom using the door on the right. Go straight, pass the stairs. Continue straight until you enter a bedroom. Wait near the entrance.
Go to the right and go straight. Follow the hall and go in the first door on the left.
Exit the room and head into the adjacent room across the hall. Go stand next to the horned animal's head.
walk straight in the opposite direction of the stairs. There will be couches on your right and shelved on the left. Stop in front of the double wood doors on your left.
Walk out of the bedroom and into the hall. Take a right in the hall past the stairs and enter the room. Take a left before the bed and take a left into the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet.
Head into the bedroom.  Turn left and go into the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower.
Walk down the aisle to your right, and walk forward. Take the first right and stop between the first two pillars.
Walk into the hallway and turn left at the telephone.  Walk down the hall and stop at the intersection.
Pass the table and head toward the kitchen. Turn right, pass the kitchen and then turn right on the second door.  Wait at the top of the stairs on the second step.
Exit the room. Turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Follow carpet bath into bedroom. Stop at the exiting door.
Turn to your left and enter the sitting room. Once in, turn right and walk past the dining room table. Stop in the doorway on the other side, looking into the kitchen.
Walk towards the staircase and into the open doorway on the left. Walk towards the bed and turn left at the bed. Walk towards the bathroom and stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Exit the stairway area through the single door. Turn left, go down the steps and through the double doors ahead. Continue forward down another set of steps. Wait by the reception desk.
Walk through the doorway towards the railings and go down the stairs on the left.  Stop when you reach the bottom of the stairs.
Walk past the fridge and out of the doorway and turn left before the bathroom. Then turn left and stop in the room with two white sofas opposite each other. Stop next to the corner table with a plant on it.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk to the right of the wood and glass doors and stop just inside the doorway.
Walk across the floor and wait the archway.
Walk through the room, past everything and towards the further window, stopping once you're near the steps and making a right turn, stop once you're near the chairs.
Turn around and walk past the heiroglypics picture.  Walk up the steps and when you get to the landing, turn and continue up 3 more steps and then wait.
With the fireplace to your right, walk straight past the big potted plant and up the stairs.  Stop at the very top of the stairs.
Walk through the archway to the left of the mirror. Wait at the other end of the bedroom, inside the en suite bathroom.
Go past the dink and out the door, towards the big sofa.  Stop between the back of the sofa and the white kitchen counter.
Go in the doorway on the left. Turn right into the hallway and stop by the front door.
Walk to the left, going towards the right arch at the back of the room. Walk through to the next room and stop when you're at the rug in front of the dining set.
Turn around and turn right. Wait next to the blue couch that is on the right.
Walk downstairs and walk into the room on your left.  Stop just inside the room on the corner of the rug.
Walk up the stairs. Turn right on the landing. Walk through the door. Walk towards the head of the bed. Turn left. Stop at the entrance to the dressing room.
Walk through the hallway to the right of the four glass doors. Walk straight, and bare left and walk past the kitchen. Walk straight past the kitchen towards the dining room, and stop right when you hit the carpet.
Walk left past the stairs and down the hall. Turn right and walk across the hall into the entryway and stop.
Turn to walk past curio cabinet. Walk towards kitchen. Stop at light switches on stone wall before the kitchen island with sink.
Go upstairs and wait at the top.
Leave the room, and take a left. Go into the sitting room through the door on the right. take a right into the room with the statue, and the model house. Stop once you enter the room.
Turn right and go up the wood stairs. At the top walk forward and turn right. Then walk halfway up the stairs covered in carpet and stop.
Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Continue down the hallway until you get to a stairs. Turn left and go up the first step.
Exit the room. Turn left and walk straight toward the pool. Wait near the pool.
Walk down the stairs and to the right. Walk down the stairs and stop in front of the table.
Walk to the staircase and walk up, turn right and go down stairs and wait at the bottom.
Walk through the opening next to the built-in shelves. Go down the stairs and stop at the bottom next to the double wall switches.
Walk to the far side of the room and stop in the doorway.
Go down the hall past some plants towards a doorway to the hot tub and some lounge chairs.  Stop in front of the large tub.
Walk through the bathroom and into the bedroom.  Walk to the foot of the bed and turn right.  Walk straight down the hallway until you go through the door.  Stop just outside in front of the black and white swirly framed artwork.
Walk down hall from sitting room until it ends and turn right. Stop between mirror and art.
Turn right and walk to the cabinet in front of you. Turn right and walk forward out of the kitchen and into the next room. Walk behind the couch and then turn into the next room on your right. Stop at the doorway facing the exercise equipment.
From the stairs walk down and take a right going down the hallway towards the two statues then take a right and go down the hall passing the two doors on your right and into the living room stopping just inside he door into the living room.
walk towards the pool table, exit the room through the interior double doors, walk straight through the sitting area, walk into the arch way and stop inside of it.
Go to the clock on the wall. Go between the blue couch and counter. Go to the table with a plant on it.
Walk past the dining table, then turn right into the hall way. Turn left, walk down the hall, and stop when you reach the sofa.
Exit the bathroom and then make a left. Walk towards the first door you will see on your right and then wait there.
Go down the hall towards the eye chart.  Keep walking past it on your left, and a sitting area on your right. Stop when you get to a long dining table.
Go down the stairs. Turn right and continue down another set of steps and go straight. Stop in front of the doors to the bathroom and laundry rooms.
Walk down both sets of stairs, through the doorway and wait by the rug.
Walk past the refrigerator and turn left. Walk past the television and step outside through the sliding glass doors. Stop just outside the glass doors.
Exit the closet, then turn right and leave the bedroom. Make a hard left and enter the kitchen. Turn Left and wait by the credenza.
Walk through smallest door. Go down the steps. Take a right and go halfway down the next set of stairs. Wait there.
Go straight past the table and chairs then turn left and continue to go past the table and chairs. Wait near the white antique furniture with the two chairs on on each side.
Walk into the dining room and go back to the door across the room. Go through the door and wait.
Walk forward with the cabinets on the left into the hallway. In the hallway take a left and walk past the console table on your right. Walk through the hallway until you enter the clearing, and stop just past the entry behind you.
Enter the building and walk through the kitchen. Stop in the hall next to the ovens.
With the fireplace on your left side, move forward until you can exit the room through a door to your left. Exit through the door and climb the stairs to your immediate right. After reaching the first landing, take two more steps up the next staircase.
Walk into the bedroom and turn around the corner through the door with a hanging letter "B" near the door. Walk into the hallway and walk along the banister rail into the room on the right that has a human figured coat rack. Walk over the floor rug and into the doorway leading to the closet.
Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hall, and walk straight. Take a left into the third entry way on your left and enter the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Turn left and walk past the dining table, then turn right and walk through the doorway to the top of the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk through kitchen. Make left after spider plant. Wait at open door on left.
Leave the closet and bedroom. In the hall go down the stairs. Stop on the third stair from the top.
Go straight through the kitchen then turn right and head down the hall then turn right and head all the way down into the bedroom. Wait at the entrance.
Walk around the pews on the right, then go straight. Take a left at the wall. Stop behind the first podium.
Go straight then turn right. Go straight until you get to a large room. Wait at the entrance.
Exit the bathroom and wait on the white carpet.
Go straight and exit the room then go up the stairs on your left until you get to the top and wait there by the statue.
Walk straight and stop in the doorway to the left of the white statue of two people.
Walk up the stairs and wait on the second step of the second set of stairs.
Walk towards the staircase going up. Stop at the bottom of the staircase.
Turn right to walk through the right doorway. Walk through the left doorway. Stop at the entrance to the dining room.
Turn left and go out of the room. Turn left and go straight then turn right. Go past the piano and straight until you get to the chandelier and the round design in the floor. Wait there.
go through the far hallway, make a left go straight and wait by the bookshelf.
Walk to the far end of the kitchen and wait by the dining table.
Walk over the kitchen counter, turn left,  walk ahead till wall, turn right, walk to the closet room, wait at front.
Go down the stairs. On the far wall at the bottom of the stairs there are two doors. Enter the door on the right into the bathroom and stop in the doorway.
Go down the stairs. Turn right and continue going down the stairs. Walk straight and slightly right down the hallway.Go into the room on the right. Wait there.
Go to the right past the shelf with the vase, through the arched door towards the sink, through the next door, and into the excersise room, and wait.
Go up the stairs and take a right. Wait in the doorway.
Move forward staying between the footstool on your right and the basket on the floor on your left. Proceed ahead past the desk on the left. Continue on the forward path until you pass by the one wooden pole on your left. When you are even with the staircase on the left, remain in this spot.
After you go down the steps U turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to two vases on the floor.Turn right and walk straight until you get to another room. Wait at the entrance.
Leave the bedroom, turn left, walk through the entryway, turn right, walk through the kitchen, then wait in front of the bathroom.
exit exercise room to living room, turn slight left, walk behind couch, turn right and walk behind couch, turn left into dining room. Stop next to 2 chairs at glass table.
Keep walking forward passing all the picture frames on the wall. Turn left at the corner before where the chairs are placed. Walk forward passing the big pots placed on the floor on your left. Turn left and stop in front of the sofa.
Walk  forward through the middle archway looking down a hallway, and stop.
Go straight and then turn right. Go straight until you get to the stairs. Go up the stairs about half way then stop.
Go up the stairs, stop at the fifth step to the top.
Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk past the railing and turn left past the plant. Walk toward the front door and turn right. Walk up the steps and stop on the third step.
Walk past fire extinguisher. Walk down stairs. Wait at bottom of stairs.
Walk through the bedroom and exit through the door left of the red bed. Head into the next room. Walk forward into next room. Stop at the next door exiting the room.
Go through closest doorway. Walk towards tub, then go into room with toilet.
Walk along the red carpet away from the painting, with the chairs on your right. Turn the corner, following the red carpet. Stop just before the double doors, on the opposite corner from your starting position.
Go past pug and chair into next room. Go straight past table and stop at doorway.
Walk down the stairs. Walk forward and stop next to the door that is next to the recycling bin.
Walk to the opposite side of bed.  Wait by white bear rug on the floor.
Walk towards the mirror, and take a right. Walk straight through the open door in front of you. Make a hard left, then another. Wait by the long table.
Go through the doorway opposite outside. Go through the doorway next to the art on the wall and stop in front of the closet.
Exit the room. Turn left then turn left again. Stand at the entrance.
Go straight and out the room. Turn right and go straight. Pass the bar with the stools/chairs and the couches. Continue straight until you get to a round table and chairs.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go down hallway until you get to the kitchen then turn left. Wait there.
Walk to the stairs. Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Enter the room. Turn slightly right and walk straight to enter the other room using the door on the far right. Wait at the entrance.
Exit the closet and go to the left towards the bed.  Go to the right to exit the bedroom.  Go left and go down the stairs.  Stop on the third stair.
Walk onto the platform on the right, pass two book stands. Wait between the second and the third.
Go down the stairs, and make a right and then another right to go down some more stairs and go straight into the doorway to the left but not the leftmost doorway.
Walk down the hallway and past the end table. Walk straight across the hallway past the pots. Walk straight and stop next to the end table.
Exit bathroom. Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Walk towards the bed and turn right. Exit bedroom. Walk down two stairs and stop on the stairs.
Walk into the dining area and make a right when you get to the end of the table. Walk down the hall and stand in front of the door of the dining room at the end of the hall.
Turn left and continue up the stairs.  Go straight through to the bedroom, turn to the right and walk past the bed.  Turn right again and go through the closet.  Continue straight, into the bathroom.  Wait right there, in front of the mirror.
Walk forward and make a right toward the massage room, and wait.
Turn around and go towards the bed. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Exit the room. Turn left and go straight into the room. Wait near the entrance.
Walk into the hallway with a long end table and three pictures on the wall. Walk past the basket filled with balls. Go through the right archway into the kitchen. Walk past the table and bookshelf. Enter the bathroom and exit through the far door. Stop inside the gym.
Enter the room directly in front of the stairs. Go into the closet, and continue into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Exit the bedroom into the hall. Turn right and go down the hall to the sitting area on the right. Wait on the carpet between the couches.
turn around and walk down the hall. Then go halfway up the stairs and stand next to the second glass rose picture.
Exit room toward staircase, and descend the stairs.
Walk straight until you get to a porch. Go up the steps of the porch and into the house using the glass double doors. Wait near the tv.
Pass through the bedroom with the bed to your left. Move into the hallway just past the cream-colored curtain on the window. Move through the doorway. Move down the hallway and pass through the hall entryway. Continue forward, crossing another hallway running parallel. Move just past the lone bar stool on your left and then stop.
Turn around and go to your left. Then go through the doorway on your left. Then turn right by the island.
Walk forward past the bed and toward the mirrored closet doors. Go around the bed to walk out of the bedroom through the door. Walk straight ahead past the double doors (on your right), and towards the short hallway that is straight ahead. There are three small round framed objects hanging on a wall that can be seen down this hallway through a door at the end of the hallway. Do not enter the room with the round hanging objects, though. Immediately before you would enter that room, and in the short hallway, there is a bathroom on your left. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop as soon as you are through the door and into the bathroom.
Go straight through the kitchen and then slightly right to go into the room straight ahead then wait by the bed.
Turn left and walk down the hallway. When you reach the black chair at the wall, turn left. Once you turn left walk forward and enter the next room on your left. Stop once you are behind the first yellow chair.
Exit the bedroom and veer right about thirty degrees to the right to enter the kitchen area. Continue straight, passing a sink of your right, a stove and over on your left, a double sink on your right, and stop after you've just passed the kitchen area and a hallway to your left opens up.
leave massage room, turn left, head down the stairs into lobby area, move forward until you stop at edge of spa.
Turn around walk through the exercise room into the living room.  Wait by the Giraffi.
Go to the left side of the staircase. Go to the vases. Go through the first doorway on the left. Go into the room and stand in front of the wine cabinet.
Go to the left of the living area, and continue past it. Take a right and go to the pool table.
Walk out of the closet and into the hallway. Walk through the hallway entrance on the left.Stop just inside the entryway.
Facing the mirror walk into the bedroom ahead and through the room into the bathroom through the door on the right. Stop in front of the first sink.
walk forward near the pool and make a right turn and stop at the doorway.
Exit the living room and turn right into the kitchen. Turn left at the end of the counter and wait in the room across the hallway slightly to the left.
Walk down the hallway past the vases, enter the bedroom, walk to the foot of the bed, walk toward the bathroom on the left, wait in the doorway to the bathroom.
go past the window on your left and exit the dining room. Enter the kitchen and turn right passing to the left of the island. Go straight and stop between the wall unit and end table.
Once at the top of the stairs, turn left and walk towards the first doorway.  Enter the first doorway and walk towards the bed.  Once at the foot of the bed, turn left and walk through the door.  You should now be standing in front of a sink and mirror.
enter the bedroom and veer left, continue to the top of the stairs, go down the stairs, continue straight and turn right after the support beam, stop in front of the glass pane doors.
Exit closet to hallway, go passed to vases and enter room with wine. Stop at wine.
go trough the doorway and take a hard left then walk straight towards the archway and then keep going until you are under the archway and then stop.
Walk across the room, keeping the railing on your left.  Once you reach the sitting area, stop in front of the abacus on the right side of the first stuffed chair.
Exit the bathroom, and walk through the closet. Make a left just before the bed. Exit the bedroom, and make a right. Walk through the open bedroom door on the right. Wait in the door's threshold.
Face sink and turn right.  Exit the room through the door. Turn right  and walk between chairs and couch. Stop near round table.
Walk past the fridge, up the steps, and into the hall. Stop next to the first door on the left.
Turn right and head towards the end. Once you reach the end make a right and stop.
Turn left and exit the room. Walk straight until you get to a chandelier on top of your head and a round design on the floor.
Walk down steps, walk towards the bed.  Walk on the left side of the bed and walk through archway, and stop in the under the archway.
Leave the room and to straight.  Enter the kitchen through the door on the right. Take a right into the living room. Stop next to the first end table.
Turn around and walk straight forward down the hallway all the way to the other end. Once you reach the end turn left and stop in the doorway.
walk around the sofa then walk straight at the island table.
Go past the bookshelves and into an entryway to where some stairs are.  Wait near the front door in front of the stairs.
Exit the room and walk straight ahead down the hallway. Stop in the area between the living room and dining room.
Walk through the kitchen passed the sink and around the corner out into the hallway. Walk into the arched entry well to the left of the stairwell. Continue into the room with the armchair and bed.
Turn left and enter the bedroom on the left. Turn left and walk all the way down the hallway until you reach a wall. Enter the bedroom to your left and stop.
Walk all the way forward passing all the picture frames on the wall on your left. Enter the corner on your left with the arch layout, and stop there.
Exit the kitchen and wait in the hallway, outside the dining room.
Walk down the hallway. Wait in front of the next set of doors.
Walk straight and then turn left. Turn right and wait near the door.
Leave the fitness room and take a left in the living room. Walk forward into the kitchen and stop between the wall with the light switch, and the island.
Walk straight into the kitchen, take a left, and stop after the archway.
Go left past the chairs and up all the stairs. Stay in doorway of first room.
Go down the stairs and go into the door on your right. Wait by the toilet.
Walk through the open doorway and continue straight, then make a sharp left turn into the washing room.
Walk out of the room and through the door on the right. Walk across the hall and into the room on the left. Turn right and stop in front of the animal head sculpture.
Go straight until you get to the closet and go into the closet on the left. Go straight into the bathroom and wait there.
Leave the bathroom and bedroom. Stop in front of the cabinet full of dolls in the hallway.
Walk along the kitchen counter passed the bar stools. Continue forward through the arched entry way ahead near the stairs. Walk into the bedroom with an armchair near the window.
Go into the gym area. Exit the gym area and stop next to the two giraffes.
Walk into the arched hallway near the native american paintings on the wall. Walk past the doorway to the laundry room and down the hall past the candles on the wall. Continue to the open arched entry at the end of the hall.
Go to the 4 panel window Go to the gold rug Go to the white rug Go to the third chair on the left Go to the electrical receptacle.
Turn right and head towards the kitchen. Before you get to the kitchen, turn left and enter the hallway. Walk down the hallway and turn into the entry way to your right without doors. Walk forward and stop beside the bottom of the steps facing the double white doors.
Go down four stairs. Go down three stairs. Go to the wood bench. Go to the flower vase. Go to the round wood doorway. Go to the dining table.
Facing the refrigerator walk straight between the counters, and take a right. Past the counters, in the hall take a  left and go down the hallway and go forward. Keep going straight, into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. In the room walk forward to the rug and stop once you are on the rug.
Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway Go down the hall and enter the bathroom first on your left. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk forward into the dining room and through the door at the far right. Walk between the two couches and past the fireplace on the left. Go through the double glass doors and wait near the couch.
Walk through door way into the next room.Turn left and walk forward past the railing. Turn right and walk to the front of the stairs.Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop in the bedroom.
Walk past the stairs into the sitting area. Wait on the other side of the sitting area near the exterior doors.
Go upstairs and stop in the sitting area, near the end table.
Face the walkway with a kitchen counter with bar stools on the right and large windows on the other side and walk past them towards a large dining table  Turn to the sitting area and stop.
Go down the stairs. Enter the door on your left and stop.
Exit the bedroom. Walk by the bathroom. Take the first left. Walk through the first door on the left. Stop by the sink.
Walk into the kitchen and past the refrigerator. Turn right and cross the hallway. Stop in front of the table.
Walk right past the bed and into the closet. Walk through the closet and into the bathroom. Stop by the toilet.
Go straight through the room and wait by the small pool on the floor.
Go stand underneath the stairs, next to the liquor shelf.
Go up the stairs. Turn right. Stop just inside the doorway of the bedroom with the round mirror on the wall to the right, opposite the bed.
Exit the bathroom, go up the stairs, turn right, walk down the hall, enter the room at the end of the hall, wait at the sculpture.
Walk past the bathroom and turn right into the next room. Proceed to the exiting doorway and wait there.
Go around the bed and into the room on the right. Wait there.
Walk all the way forward towards the door, and turn left. Walk forward, and stop at the other door.
Go into the bathroom then exit through the other door on the left. Turn right and go out through the door on the right then go straight until you get near the top of the stairs.
With the large mirror to your left, move forward, passing the kitchen to your left, stopping even with the corner of the dining table that has eight chairs around it.
Walk away from the fireplace, past the table. Go through the door and up the stairs. Go past the first landing. Stop on the second stair up from the landing.
Go to the vases on the right side of the staircase. Go down to the bottom of the nearest staircase.
Walk down the hall and turn left. Go through the door and turn right. Wait in front of the statue.
Walk up the stairs and take a right. Walk into the bedroom and take a left . Take another left at the night stand and walk out of the bedroom. Wait by the toilet in the second door on the right.
Go towards the oven, go straight through the archway and then straight into the second archway, take a step in and stop.
Walk down the hall in the direction of the stairs to the second floor. Pass the stairs and enter the living room. Take a right in the living room. Stop on the right of the chair at the head of the table.
Go straight then turn right and exit the hallway onto the kitchen/dining/living room. Wait near the couches straight ahead.
Go through the doorway to the left of the window and enter the bedroom.  Turn left in the bedroom and leave the bedroom.  Stop after passing through the doorway leaving the bedroom.
Turn around and enter hall on right. Go forward down hallway until you reach flowers. Turn right and enter. Stop once entered.
Walk ahead passing the window and the curtain to exit the room. Walk straight passing all the picture frames on the wall, and stop at the center with no walls on the side.
Move down the stairs and make a sharp right, turning right at the first available opportunity to continue in that direction, through the marbled opening to the next room. Move down that short hallway and stop at the edge of the circular room there.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and then turn right. Turn left and go into the other bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Go past the kitchen island and turn left.  Go through the kitchen and stop when the antique scale is on the left.
Turn to exit room. Walk through kitchen. Continue through pantry. Walk across hallway. Walk past closet double doors to bedroom. Stop inside bedroom before bed.
Walk forward to the sitting area to the right of the stairs. Walk to the wall of windows and take a right into the recreation room and stop before you reach the pool table.
Exit the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Exit the bedroom. Start down the stairs, Stop three steps down.
Travel to the end of the hallway where there is a vase on the table. Take a left and go forward until you reach the open doorway on the left. Move forward into the open doorway.
Exit the room using the second door on the right then go straight until you get to the glass sign that has a red arrow on it.
Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk through the kitchen and turn left.  Walk into the small room with a sink and stop near the sink.
Walk past the furniture and to the left of the stairs. Stop by the post at the top of the stairs.
Walk down the tiled floor passed the kitchen counter. Continue passed the living room area and into the hallway ahead. Continue walking ahead towards the front door of the home with wall art hanging up.
Turn around. Walk forward, past the large cabinet on the right. Stop two feet in front of the end table which has three drawers.
Go toward the white table on the patio.  Turn right and go inside through the sliding doors.  Go through the room with television and into the kitchen.  Stop nest to the stove and island in the kitchen.
Go through the right doorway, and wait near the top of the stairs going down.
Leave sitting room to living room, turn right around couch, turn left and follow couch turn slight right into exercise room and stop by treadmill.
Go down the hallway and turn right on the second door. Go straight through the door ahead and wait there.
Turn left and walk down the hallway.  Continue to walk straight through the kitchen. Stop next to the white flowers on the left.
Exit the bedroom and turn left into the doorway. Walk through the doorway on the right into the closet and proceed to the bathroom. Wait near the towel bar.
Walk out of the bedroom and take the first left into another bedroom. In the next bedroom take the second left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk forward toward the stairs. Enter the living area on the right. Wait there.
Walk toward the stairway, and stop before the stairway and next to the large wooden wardrobe.
Go into the living area with the fireplace. Stop in the area between the two white sofas, next to the entrance to the dining room.
Walk up the stairs, turn left and walk straight towards the windows right after the living room furniture, stop right in front of windows.
Walk into the kitchen area around the central counter top with bar stools and along the wall with tall cabinet doors. Walk towards the stove and cappuccino machine and walk through the door in the corner. Walk past the dining table and stop on the other end of it.
Exit the bedroom, and walk forward. Turn left at the corner, and make another left inside the room that has the big black alphabet frame on the wall in the outside. Enter the room and stop there.
Walk to the left of the pool table and stop across from the stairs.
Go to the bed. Go to the shelf. Go to the flower alcove. Go to the stairs. Go down two stairs.
Go straight ahead to the other side of the kitchen and stop right at the beginning of the long brown table.
Exit the closet. Walk past the drapery on the right. Wait at the threshold of the bedroom door.
Walk straight until you get to a room on the right. Turn into that room. Turn left and then right to go past the table and chairs. Turn left toward the couches then turn right into the room with the pool table. Wait there.
Walk on the red carpet across the room to the next set of doors and weight there.
Walk down the hallway and take a right. Walk past the piano and wait by the violin hanging on the wall.
Exit massage room, turn left, go down the steps, walk to the pool, climb up to steps and stop beside the plants.
Exit the bathroom and go up the stairs, at the white door make a right, make a another right into the viewing room, take a step in and stop.
Walk through the living room in front of the couch and take a right. Stop on the wooden slatted floor next to the railing.
Walk forward with the entryway to outside on your left. Go through the far door in this room (the back right corner), and then through the far double wooden doors in the next room. Stop after going through these doors.
Exit the bedroom then turn left down the hall. Stop just past the eye exam chart on the wall.
Turn around and  walk up the stairs. Wait in the room with the red carpet and book shelves.
Go straight past the bed and the fireplace. Exit the room using the door on the left of the fireplace. Wait there.
walk through kitchen, turn right at bathroom, immediately left again and walk through doorway to bedroom and stop.
Move to the other side of the center pillar, and wait near its far end.
Walk out the door and down the hall. Turn left at the second hall and walk all the way down. Turn left and wait by the couch.
Walk past the sitting area and wait in the kitchen by the island.
Walk up the steps and continue on into the massage room and wait there.
Turn, putting the exit of the building  on your left. Walk to the end of the entrance way and turn left. Travel across the kitchen area with the counter and chairs on your right. Continue straight until you reach the dining room. Enter the room and stop and wait one meter from the closest end of the long dining table.
Walk past the table and chairs. Turn slightly left and continue straight into the kitchen. Wait there.
Walk out of the sauna and turn left. Turn left and walk up the stairs and stop.
Turn around and walk out of the room. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk into the kitchen and past the stove and refrigerator.. Stop in front of the sink.
Go straight into the bedroom, walk towards the bed, turn left, go straight towards the glass shower, stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom and go into the hall. Walk straight down the hall and enter the bedroom across from the starting room. Stop in the doorway to this bedroom.
Turn left and stop just passed the doorway straight ahead.
Enter the bedroom, and then exit on the far side of the bedroom. Walk across the hall and enter the adjacent bedroom.
Walk out the shower and through the first doorway on the left. Walk through the doorway directly to the left of dresser, walk through the room and through the first doorway that leads to the stairs. Stop right before the staircase that leads downstairs.
Turn around with your back facing the bath tub. Walk forwards through the rounded entry way towards the two tan colored picture frames. Turn right in front of the frames, Walk past the piano. Continue walking towards the table with the clay vase. and plants. Stop right in front of the table in front of the clay vase.
Walk up the small set of stairs.  Once you reach the top, turn 45 degrees to your left. Walk through the door at the bottom of the large staircase. After you are inside, turn left and wait near the statue.
Exit the bedroom. Walk the opposite way of the picture hanging on the wall through the kitchen. Turn right at the long white countertop. Stop when you get past the two chairs.
Go down the roped hallway opposite the bedroom and go into the doorway on the other side of the room and stop.
Exit the living room. Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go to the toilet at the end of the hall.
Go down the steps to the landing. Turn right and continue down the steps. turn slight right and enter the doorway in the middle with the large rug. Stop at the chair.
Exit the room, walk pass the stairs and through the doorway on the left. Wait next to the chair on the left.
Walk down the stairs, at the landing enter the second doorway on the left. Wait near the bookshelf.
Turn left and exit the room. Keep walking along the hall past the kitchen area. Wait by the doorway to the dining table area.
Exit the room using the door on the right then turn right and go up the stair until you get four steps from the top then stop.
Walk to the oven, turn left, walk past the couch, enter the room past the fireplace, wait at the grey couch.
Go past the boxes and into the doorway on the left. Walk through the hall. Pass by both the bathroom and the room with the couch in it. Pass the stairs and go into the room in the corner on the right. Stop.
Go down the hallway and go to the back door.
walk straight to to the end of the hall, turn left into living room, stop at the couch.
Go up the stairs and stop at the top in front of a mirror.
Exit the massage room and go straight across the hallway through the brown double doors, go down the steps and stop.
Turn right passed the stairs and pass the couch. Enter the dining room. Continue down the hall and stop in the kitchen.
Walk forward down the hall with the row of doors on the left. Once you pass the second set of doors and windows stop in the middle of the hall across from the sitting area.
Go down the stairs and stop at the very bottom.
Walk through the kitchen and to the right of the bathroom. Wait in the bedroom through the door on the right.
Exit the living room area and turn left before the kitchen. Go straight down the hall and turn right. Wait in front of the white double doors.
move forward into the room, exit the room and continue straight into an eating area, continue straight into the living room, and stop right next to the rug in front of the couch.
Take a left at the at the stove and walk down the hall then stop at the living room and wait.
Walk down the corridor and upstairs. Stop halfway up the stairs.
turn around and go straight to the doorway and then go up the stairs by the tripod and stop right on the second step/.
Turn left and exit the room.  Cross the hall to the sitting room.  Turn left and enter the bedroom on your left.  Wait near the bed.
Walk towards the staircase.  Walk down steps.  Wait at bottom of stairs.
Walk towards the sink, then turn left into the open door.  Walk through the bedroom and out of wooden door.  Wait by the doll case in the hallway.
Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Leave the bedroom and go into the hallway. Stop at the edge of the table under the mirror in the hall.
Walk forward into the kitchen. Continue through the kitchen and exit into the living room. Stop next to the table behind the sofa.
Go through the closest doorway to the couch. Go through the nearest doorway to the microwave.
enter bedroom, proceed into bathroom.
Go straight into the third arch from the left. Turn right and go down the hallway until you get to stairs on the right. Go up two steps then stop.
Go straight passed the coffee table to your right, before the pool table make a left and stop between the post and the glass door.
Go straight until you get to the beige chairs then turn right and head straight until you get to a large double door with two black vases on on each side.
Walk to the far end of the room, through the double doors and wait in the bedroom.
Exit the shower and to down the stairs. Go straight and turn left in the last door on the left. Wait by the table with the two chairs.
Move forward to the doorway on the opposite side of the hall.  Stop in the archway.
Walk to the far end of the room and wait near the fire extinguisher.
Exit the kitchen and wait in the sitting room, near the loveseat.
Turn around, walk out the door on the right, and walk across the hall into the bedroom on the left.
Exit the room. Go straight into the hallway. Walk straight until you get to the room and wait at the entrance.
Go to the other side of the dining table. Go to the sink in the kitchen. Go to the table beside the couch and stand there.
Walk towards the stairs to the slight right and then make a hard right turn up the stairs and continue until you've reached the top.
Exit the bathroom, and walk to the stair landing. Walk down the stairs. Make a hard left just before the radiator. Wait at the buffet in the dining room.
Turn left and walk into the small hallway and up the stairs. Stop at the very top of the stairs.
Walk through the sitting room and down the hall. Wait in the hall near the kitchen.
Go out of the bedroom and past the stairs.  Turn left after the stairs and stop in the bedroom doorway .
Leave the bathroom and walk straight into the hallway. Go straight and enter the office in the second door on your left.
GO up the stairs, turn right. Stop in the bedroom.
Exit the bathroom through the doorway by the toilet, then turn right, Walk past the counter into the hallway, turn left. At the end of the hallway turn right, then wait by the kitchen counter.
Go down the stairs to the next floor. Go down one step on the next set of stairs and stop.
Walk forward down the hall, and take a left at the hall. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop once you are on the rug next to the bed.
Walk straight past the bar through the doorway. Turn right at the picture and enter the bedroom. Stop and wait by the closet.
Walk towards the door and take a left. Go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs take a left into the fitness room. In the fitness room stop after you pass the door.
TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT AND WALK THROUGH THE DOOR TOWARDS THE BUTLERS PANTRY, WALK FORWARD INTO THE KITCHEN, AT THE END OF THE KITCHEN COUNTER TURN LEFT TOWARDS THE HALL,  WALK FORWARD THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR TO THE SINK.
Exit the spa room and go past the pool. Make a left at the bar and go up three steps. Wait in the doorway.
Take a left around the lamp, go straight along the dresser drawers and go straight and stop in front of the glass doors.
Turn right to face an old pew and chairs. Walk up to the old chairs and turn right. Walk down the row until you reach the 5th chair.
Go down the stairs and stop.
walk across living room, at hallway on the right turn right and go down, Turn right at first door, enter pantry and stop in the middle of counter.
Walk out of the sauna. Walk by the Jacuzzi. Stop on the Jacuzzi control panel.
Exit the room then turn left and go through the door on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Go to the left and enter the doorway, turn to the right and stop in front of the table.
Stand with the windows facing outdoors on your left and walk down the hallway.  When you get to the white planter at the end, turn left.  Stop in the middle of the room on the circular floor mosaic.
Turn left and walk to the end and then turn left. Walk all the way past the kitchen bar Once you are past the bar, turn right and enter the hallway. Go past the door on your left to the stairs and stop at the next door looking into the sitting area.
TURN RIGHT TO FACE THE END OF THE BED AND WALK TOWARDS THE CHAIR, TURN RIGHT AND WALK TOWARDS THE OPEN DOOR AND THE HALLWAY, WALK ACROSS THE HALLWAY AND TO THE NEXT OPEN DOORWAY, WALK THROUGH THE DOOR AND INTO THE CLOSET.
Turn left and walk past the stairs. Turn left once you pass the stairs and walk to the end of the hallway. Turn right and stop in the doorway of the double white doors.
Turn around, start going up steps, stop before last flight of steps.
Walk past the end table and turn right into the kitchen. Walk to the left of the island past the oven into the next room and stop.
Turn right and continue passed the piano. Turn left and stop in the archway.
You need to walk up the stairs and make a left when you get to the top. Next, make a right and walk towards the stairs. When you get to the stairs wait beside them and in front of the rug in front of the front door.
Walk out of the bathroom and through the closet. Stop by the bed.
Enter the first bedroom on the right and wait in the en suite bathroom.
Turn around and go through the archway. Turn left and take the extreme left. Stop near the mantle.
Walk down the hall parallel to the stairs and turn right.  Keep walking straight until you enter a  room with a couch and leather footstool in the middle.  Stop just after stepping into this room.
Turn around and go up the stairs. Turn right and stop just passed the bottom of the stairs with carpet.
Walk down the hall leading to the cabinet. At the cabinet take a right and enter the bedroom. In the room take a left and enter the bathroom on the far left. Stop on the rug in front of the sink.
Leave the room you are in by using the door nearest to you. Continue walking straight until the end of the next room. Leave this room. Walk forward until you are standing in front of the black door on the right.
Go up the stairs to the right, turn left and go into the room on the left. Turn left and stop near the mannequins.
walk through doorway to exit room, turn right in hallway and walk towards display cabinet, turn left at end of hallway, enter room, walk past bed, walk through doorway on the left after dresser, stop in front of sink.
Turn around and go towards the door. Then turn right and go into the entryway and stop by the table.
Walk on into the kitchen and turn to the right.  Walk past the staircase, behind the chairs.  Walk to the right of the pillar.  Stop and wait by the footstool.
Walk to the living room on the far side of the counter. Stop next to the end table next to the couch with the bookshelf on your right.
Walk past the sink, and through the open door. Make a hard left at the closed brown and frosted glass french doors, and then a hard right.. Walk past the kitchen, and wait near the sofa end table.
Go forward and make a left to the bottom of the stairs. Head up the steps and go left to head up the second set of steps. Wait near the stair landing.
Go to the left of the counter, and go down the hall. Turn left next to the chairs.
Turn right and walk towards the living room area. Walk towards the fireplace and wait by the stool and table.
Exit the bedroom and enter another bedroom straight ahead, next to the table. Wait there.
Go right and up two set of steps on the right. Turn right and wait near the bed.
Exit the bedroom. Go to the large rug and stand on it.
Walk across the room into the hallway second to the right from the stairs. Walk past the open door on the right.  Stop in front of the closed doors on the right.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom. Walk into the closet and wait there.
With the long table to your left and staying on the carpeted pathway, move forward, then take a ninety degree turn to the left. At the T-intersection, take a ninety degree turn to the right and continue forward. Go through the double door opening, leaving the carpeted pathway and stop at the doubled doors to your right which also starts another carpeted pathway.
Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go down to the bottom of the staircase. Turn immediately right and go to the bottom of the staircase and stop.
Leave the closet and take a left. Take another left and walk along the bed and take a left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk straight through the doorway, take a sharp right through the next doorway and then walk straight until you've reached the bedroom, then stop.
Exit the room. Turn left into the room next door and wait there.
Travel to the window overlooking the garden on the opposite end of the billiard room.
Walk past the large urn on a pedestal to the right. Walk through the doorway under the green and white exit sign.Wait at the red rope stanchion to the left.
Exit the room and walk straight through the next open door. Continue straight through the kitchen until you reach the wooden table. Wait here.
Exit the bathroom, wait at the white rug in the hallway.
Walk down the hall towards the living room and pass the living room. Go straight passing the kitchen and stop next to the console table in the hall.
Leave the room and make a left.  Walk down the hallway and make a right when you get past the bannister of the staircase.  Walk past the staircase, which will be on your right as you pass.  Walk through the doorway and stop.
Walk around the bed and exit the room.  Turn right and walk into the room with another bed in it.  Stop at the side of the bed.
Exit the room, and walk forward, and enter the room that is next to the stairs. Walk inside the room, and stop there.
Head down the stairs and take a left through the archway.  Go through the wooden archway and stop next to the table and behind the couch.
Keeping the hanging wall mirror on your right, proceed onward up the hall until you reach another hallway on your left, go down that left hallway. You will know you are on the correct path if you see a framed photo of letters on the right wall. Continue moving forward until you pass the room on the left with the sink. Pivot to your right and travel in a forward direction down across the tile and then take a step onto the carpet in front of you. Stand on that carpet and wait for further instructions.
Turn around and walk through the kitchen. Continue through the hallway to the dining room. Stop between the dining table and the pink sofa.
Go down the walkway between the bar and the floor cabinets. Make a left at the door leading to the bedroom.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right and stop by the end table.
Exit the bedroom through the opening to the right of the head of the bed. Continue down the hallway until it opens to the left and the right.
Go through the double doors and walk straight. Bear to the right and exit through the open sliding glass doors. Turn to the right and stand and wait by the corner of the pool table.
Exit the room through the doorway on the right. Walk midway down the stairs and wait by the artwork.
Go out the door nearest to the microwave and turn right. Go into the living room. Go through the kitchen until you see the dining room. Go into the dining room.
Head into the kitchen, follow along the stove wall through to hallway. Stop and wait near the telephone.
Go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Go into the room with the white head bust and continue through the doorway until you take a few steps into the bedroom and then stop.
Go through the doorway on your right, and go straight to stop just past the doorway with paintings on either side.
Go to the far end of the hall. Wait outside the dining room archway.
Exit the bathroom and walk down the hall to the second doorway on your left.  Turn left and enter the room through that doorway.
Go toward the stairs. Turn into the room just before the stairs and stop in the doorway.
Turn around and enter the house. Once inside, walk across the room and out the last door on the right. Once you walk into this room, turn left and walk through the door to the right of the fireplace. Stop in the doorway.
Walk towards the ovens and take a left. Walk towards the fireplace and enter the dining room to the right of the fireplace. Stop in front of the white chair.
Go up the stairs. Go left toward the couch and walk past it to the chair next to the fireplace.
Walk out the double wood doors in front of you. Once out the room, walk forward and then turn left and enter the double wood doors straight ahead. Stop once you reach the doorway facing the large table.
With the tapestry and large white vase behind you, walk straight down the hallway with all the windows.  Stop when a sitting room appears on your right.  Stop in the middle of the hallway in front of the opening to this room.
Walk across the room to the other end of the table. Walk out the 2 small wood doors in front of you. Once out turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right through the entryway before the ovens. Stop once you are facing the long hallway.
turn hard left toward dinning area. walk past kitchen towards the living room. turn right by couch and walk down hallway and turn left  and go into the lounge.
Make your way up the steps, take a left turn and walk into the main room, stopping at the door.
Leave the dining room, walk through the living room, and wait by the pool table.
Walk straight then turn right and walk down the hallway until you get near the large painting of a man.
Head towards the painting of the woman in a white dress. Turn right at the painting.  Follow the red path until you are standing next to two red and white chairs.
Continue up the stairs, walk towards the sitting area, go straight passed the table on the left. stop by the double doors.
Turn to the right and walk forward.
Walk through the open door to the right of the boxes on the floor. Walk past the bathroom on the left. Walk down the stairs to the left. Wait on the area rug on the stair landing.
Go straight and up the stairs. Turn left and continue up the stairs. Wait in that floor with the long blue carpet.
Walk behind the couch towards the kitchen. Enter the kitchen.  Walk towards the doors that go outside.  Turn left when you reach the doors. Walk down the hallway past the kitchen.  Stop where the four hallways intersect.
Going down the stairs take a right and go down the next set of stairs and at the bottom of the stairs take a left into the dining room stopping just inside the doorway.
Walk out of bedroom and turn left into hall. Walk down to end of hall and turn left into bedroom. Wait there.
Go straight and then turn right into the hallway. Go all the way down the hall until you get to a room on the right. Wait there.
Turn around and go passed the dining room table. Enter the doors next to the red chairs. Go down the hallway and enter the doors on the right.
Walk forward, and go up the stairs. Go up the next set of stairs passing the hieroglyphs. Stop at the top of this set of stairs.
Walk through the room past the ropes and stop in the doorway.
Go towards a dining area passing an area open to the outside to your right, and pass the dining table. Walk towards three sets of doors, and stop before reaching them.
Turn around and walk through the doorway to the left of the vase on the floor. Once in the room turn right and enter the door to the right of the stairs. Stop in the doorway.
Take a left and exit the closet. Take a left into the bedroom. Take another left into the bathroom and wait there.
Turn left. Walk to the table. Turn right. Walk out the double doors. Turn left. Walk to the stairs. Walk up two stairs.
Exit the office into the hallway, proceed past the stairs and through the entry to the great room. Then turn right and wait by the end table.
Turn around and go through the single door on the right.  Go down the hallway.  You'll go all the way into the room and stand on the rug and wait.
take the stairs then head for the kitchen. stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the kitchen heading towards the small dining nook and turn right. Continue forward and take the entrance ahead and to the right. Wait at the corner next to the end of both couches.
Walk forward into the house and past the living room. Keep going forward into the dining room. Stop at the first corner to the dining table closest to the patio door.
Walk forward and turn right when you pass the sign on the wall and to the right of the large painting of a man. Keep walking forward and exit out the last door on the left and stop.
Exit massage room. Turn left at the second door way on the left.  Turn right once in the room and sop near the massage table.
Exit the bedroom through the white double doors, go passed the stairs on the left, and turn left after the railing, into the single white doorway on the left and then stop.
Turn around, go to the end of the ropes, and stop just over the white line.
Head towards the stairs and make a right. Go down the stairs all the way to the bottom floor and wait at the landing.
Exit the bedroom. Start down the stairs and stop three steps down.
Go downstairs and stop at the bottom.
Go past the mirrors and enter the bedroom. Make a left turn and then another left turn into the bathroom Stop in front of the shower and wait there.
Turn slightly left and walk forwards past the table and straight past the double doors that lead outside. Proceed straight through the right side arched passageway that leads into the kitchen. Walk past the kitchen island and towards the oven. Turn right at the oven and take the first left through the arched passageway that leads to the long hallway. Stop when you are just inside this hallway and standing just underneath the archway.
Walk up the stairs. Turn right, then an extreme right. Enter the room. Wait here.
Walk through the room, past the stairs and wait in the doorway to the dining room.
Go straight down the stairs and take the first right doorway. Continue down the stairs and stop once you reach the bottom.
Turn to your right and walk down the hallway to the right side of the stairs.  At the vases make a right and then a quick left to head past the stairs. Once you enter the doorway leading to the kitchen and living room, stop.
With the wall where the fireplace is behind you, exit the room going forward. After passing the bathroom on your left, you'll reach a staircase on your left that goes upwards and downwards. Take one flight of stairs going down, then stop on the landing.
Go through the grand dining room and go around the right side of the dining room table. Leave the room through the archway and stop right after you enter the next gallery.
Turn right and walk along the red carpet to your right. Walk past the doorway wait by the glass info panes.
Exit the room, turn left, and go into the left room at the end of the hall.  Proceed through this room and wait by the sink in the adjacent bathroom.
Turn left and exit the bedroom.  Walk down the hallway then turn left and enter the sitting room on your left.  Wait by the chair.
Veer left to walk through the kitchen, then turn left. Make the first right and then left into the living room then wait by the console table.
Walk straight through the kitchen. When you get to the end turn left into the hallway. Walk straight into the room that is to the left of the painting in the hallway. Wait near the sink.
Walk past the foot of the bed and out the door on the other side of the room.  After passing through a small hallway, you will see two doors to bedrooms next to each other.  Enter the bedroom on the right and stop after entering the room.
Walk to the left of the stairs and stop next to the nearest of the two beds.
Go straight and pass the antelope head then go left and go into the hallway then go left again and approach the stairs. Go straight into the room ahead and wait at the entrance.
Go passed the table and passed the stairs. Take a right turn and go down the stairs. Stop on the first stair.
Walk through the open double doors. Walk past the dining table with a glass chandelier above. Walk over to the open double doors on the wall ahead next to the wooden dresser.
Walk between the two counters in the kitchen and into another small room off the kitchen. Exit that room and make a slight right then another right. and wait in the bedroom.
Walk straight until you get to a room that has a black table on the left with flowers on it. Wait there.
Exit the room opposite the bedroom, and go straight through the next room, turn left, go straight and step into the doorway and stop.
With the bench on your left walk forward in the hall and take a right into the kitchen area and take a left into the bathroom and a right into the work out room stopping in front of the door on your right.
Exit the room. Turn left into the second door. Wait near the entrance.
Go past the circle of chairs toward the door. Turn right and go into the hallway. Turn left to go into the kitchen.
Walk to the open door. Make a sharp right turn around the corner and walk through the open door into the room with grey tile.
Walk forward, following the red carpet into the next room. Wait just inside that room.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left. Then go into the bedroom nearest to the world map on the wall above a desk. Stop a couple of feet into the room.
Walk right past the dining room table and chairs and into the left entryway on the left. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk past the oven and into the living room. Stop by the by the end table.
Move forward past the television on the wall, continue forward until you reach the potted plant and a door.
Exit through the doorway with the stairs. Enter the second door on the right and wait beside the potted plant.
Turn around and go left passed the table and chairs. Go through the door, and stop by the door mat to the next door.
Walk down the hall. Pass the stairs and enter the doorway on the right. Wait beside the potted plant.
Turn around, go past the fridge, and then turn right and go up the steps.  Just when you get to the top of the steps, stop.  Wait there.
Turn around and exit out the door on the left. Walk all the way down until you reach the green steps. At the steps, turn right and enter the door to the left. Stop once you reach the table.
With the sink to your left and the stove to your right, start walking forward until you exit the kitchen, veering right and entering the second bedroom to your left.
Walk toward the white patio table and chairs and go into the house through the glass sliding doors. Pass the grey couches and go into the kitchen. Wait by the toaster.
Walk through the doorway to the right of the dining room table then go through the doorway by the flower pot.  Take the doorway directly left of the staircase and wait there.
Walk towards the painting and turn left. Walk forward towards the lamp and make a right. At the painting turn left walk forward. Turn right, enter the exercise room and wait here.
Exit the room into the hallway, then turn left. Continue forward and turn left at the base of the stairs. Pass by the stairs leading up on your right and stop at the top of the short flight of stairs leading down ahead of you.
Head inside through the sliding glass doors on the other end of the deck. Stop in the living room and wait near the arm chair.
walk away from the bed towards the chair, turn right, walk past the TV to exit the bedroom, turn and walk down the hall to the right and stop in front of the bathtub.
Walk forward, and take a left. Go down the hall and take a right before you enter the office. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop once you are in the bedroom.
Exit the room then go straight until you pass the room on the left then turn left and go into the room and wait by the sink.
Turn and follow the path of the rugs laid out on the floor past the bathroom. Your destination is a room with a bed that has a large wooden trunk at the end of it.
Walk past the pool until you get to the bar.  Walk up the three stairs and stop in the doorway.
Turn around. Walk down the long hallway until you reach the room with the red canopy bed.
Go down the stairs and towards the front door.  Turn into the arched doorway to one side of the front door and face into the room with the round rug and shelves.
Walk to the other side of the patio and enter the building through the sliding glass doors turn right and wait in the dining area.
Walk out of the room and past the stairs. Walk through the second hallway to the left. Turn left and walk into the room. Stop in front of the dining room table.
Enter the door to the left of the globe.  Walk forward and continue down the corridor.  Continue straight until you reach a circular design on the floor.  Wait here.
Walk out of the room with the bed on your right. Go through the doorway on your left, entering the bathroom.
Turn to your left and walk past the sports items on display. Stop when you reach the wood bench in the middle of the room. You should be facing the TV.
Walk straight. Pass the fireplace on your right. When you get to the pool table turn left and wait.
Walk through the door and over the overpass.  Wait on the white circular rug.
Go to the left and then turn right and go through the big double doors.  Veer to the left and go to the base of the stairs.  Then go up the stairs, a couple of them, and then stop and wait.
Walk straight toward the bar with the chairs/stool. Turn left and go straight until you get to three tables with chairs. Turn left and wait near the couch.
Go straight past the table and chairs. After you get to the couches turn right and go out to the porch with the pool table. Wait near the pool table.
Head towards the sink. Turn to the right and walk towards the table. Turn and walk behind the chair on the left side of the table. Stop behind the chair looking out at the backyard.
Walk into the kitchen and go to the left once you pass the counters. Go straight into the small room with the sink. Stop next to the door.
Move through the kitchen with the square table to your right. Continue moving forward to the staircase just after the refrigerator. Walk up the stairs and stop 18 inches before the end of the stair railing to your right.
Turn around and walk out of the closet and take a right and walk out of the bedroom. Take a left and walk strauight. Wait in front of the couch.
Walk down the hall to the left of the clock and turn right. Walk past the picture and stop in front of the chair.
Walk to the foot of the bed and turn right. Walk to the other end of the foot and turn right. Walk forward. Wait on the run in front of the bathroom.
Staying on the red carpet, go through the ornate doors next to you and continue forward through the next room until just before the carpet path splits off at a forty-five degree angle to the left and a ninety degree angle to the right.
Start in the middle of the large room head towards the door that leads to the outside, turn left and head up the stairs, take a hard left, stop when you are inside the workout room.
Go up the steps and straight until you get to a room on the right. Turn right and wait near the coffee table.
Go straight past the oven. Turn left and enter the doorway. Go into the doorway to the right of the painting and wait.
Walk up the stairs, then make a slight left, walking toward another set of stairs. Stop by the base of the stairs.
Walk past the sofa and turn left down the hall. Make the first right Towards the next room and stop in front of the door to the sink.
Step out of the shower and turn left to leave the bathroom. Continue straight ahead into the bedroom to wait by the bed.
Walk past windows and turn right, then turn left in kitchen, turn right at the counter, walk to the living room and wait at the entrance.
Move to the right towards the open doorway and continue forward to the fireplace. Wait near the fireplace.
Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk to the right of the mirrored closet and stop in the hallway.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go straight through the door nearest the map picture.
Pass the fridge on the right and go up the steps then turn right and wait right at the top of the steps that go down.
Walk through the living room around the backside of the couches. Walk into the kitchen area and walk along the barstools and countertop. Continue ahead towards the arched entryway that leads to a hall beside the stairs.
Turn left and then turn right. Turn left and walk into the bedroom and wait there.
Go to the NQHG poster. Go to the bookcase. Go to the double door closet. Go to the bedroom with the white bedspread.
Turn left and walk down the red carpet until you enter the next room. Wait there.
Walk through dining room. Walk through tv room. Walk through open french doors. Wait under wooden archway.
Walk out of the closet and take a right out of the room. Take a left and walk towards the living room. Stop nest to the rug in front of the couch next to the patio door.
Go to exit of writing room. Stop between pillars.
Go straight through the door and exit the bathroom to the closet. Continue straight and exit the closet. Wait near the bed.
After you leave the bathroom and bedroom wait in the hall just outside the doorway beside the glass case with the dolls.
Exit bathroom and turn left, go through door and turn left, walk through door and go past rails, turn left at door and wait there.
Take a left, and leave the library. Walk straight, and take the last right. Go up the stairs, and stop on the third stair.
If you would go down the hall and past the two large wicker baskets you will see a sitting area with a large orange couch straight ahead of you.
go through the dooorway on the right, continue straightacross the hallway and into the room ahead. Stop near the shell.
Turn left and walk past the counter top. Turn left and walk forward. Stop by the last stool and the counter.
Go past the sink through the hallway and into the kitchen.  Go toward the black couch and then turn right going past kitchen island.  Turn left and stop in front of the coffee table.
Walk past the sitting area to the fireplace. Wait in front of the fireplace.
Leave the room into the hall and go straight. Head towards the stairs. Stop on the round rug next to the flowers.
Turn left and walk forward towards the white tub. Turn right towards the first room that is next to the white tub, not on the corner. Walk inside the room. There should be a toilet bowl visible, and stop there.
Walk past the towel rack on the right. Exit the bathroom, and walk through the closet. Make a left at the bed, and walk to the open bedroom door. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Leave the bathroom, and the bedroom. Enter the bedroom on the far left in the hall. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the kitchen, walk through the pantry, walk slight right down the hallway, enter the bedroom, wait by the bed.
Walk out of the work out room to the living room and turn left. Head straight into the kitchen and turn right. Please wait by the small glass dinning room table.
Turn right at large painting, follow red carpet straight to doorway on the left. Stop in doorway.
Turn around. Go Straight through the doorway,.
Go down the stairs, at the two rugs make a sharp right and take a step down the stair and stop.
Walk out of the sauna into the pool room and take a left. Walk towards the bar and take a left going up the stairs into the hallway. Go up the next part of the stairs and take at the first right into the massage room. Stop just inside the doorway on the right.
Leave the wine room and go up the stairs.  At the landing with the door with the blue glass, go up the next set of stairs.  Stop at the top of these stairs without going up another level.
Turn around and walk out the double doors. Go across the next room and out the door. Stop once you enter the next room with tile floor.
Go straight passed the fridge on your left, through the doorway, turn right, and then turn right again and go straight into the doorway and stop.
Go to the stove. Go to the dining room table.
Turn around and enter the small doorway to your left beside the vase. Once you enter, turn right and enter the first door on your right beside the stairs. Stop in the entryway. .
Stand so the foot of the bed is to your right and walk out of the room, going past a big mirror on the way.  Once outside walk straight until you see an open door to a bedroom on your left.  Walk into the room and stand at the foot of the bed with the bed behind you.  Walk through the doorway on the left into the closet.  Stop in this doorway.
walk out of the bathroom and down the hall.  Turn right at the end of the hallway.  Walk past the piano. Stop under the large chandelier by the violin.
Walk out the door in front of you and turn left. Once you reach the black shelf, turn right and enter the hallway. Turn into the first door on your left and stop once you enter the bathroom.
Walk straight down the hallway until you get to the kitchen. Pass the bar with the chairs/stools. Walk straight until you get to a ledge on the left wall with a vase and white flowers. Wait there.
Turn right, walk straight through the arched door way, continue straight stop beside the bed.
Make a left at the end of the bed. Walk to the banister. Walk to the bottom of the stairs to the left of this point. Make a right and move to the panoramic checker doors.
While facing the two chairs and small table turn left. Walk straight into the next room. Follow the ropes and carpet around the room and to the right. Stop near the bedroom door.
Exit the laundry room and turn right.  Walk past the large plant and stand on the stairs.
Exit the kitchen and turn left. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Go to the left of the wooden counter with the large mirror behind it. Take the corridor on the right. Turn right at the bookcase. Walk to the end of this hall and stop just inside the bedroom.
Go along the brown table towards the china display, turn left before the display and stop near the brown post.
Walk along the grass until you reach the sidewalk near the patio stairs. Walk up the stairs and across the patio. Walk through the sliding glass doors. Walk straight ahead and turn right into the kitchen.
Exit bedroom and go straight passed stairs and into bedroom. Turn left and go in the bathroom. Stop at sink.
With the sink behind you, walk the length of the patio to the table with the high stools.  Turn right and walk inside through the closest open door.  Stop once stepping inside.
Walk out of the fitness room and take a left.  Go forward into the kitchen and walk towards the doors at the end. Stop once you are out of the kitchen and standing on the tile floor.
Walk across the kitchen between the cabinets and island. Go throught the archway to the right of the oven. Walk past the first door to the second one. Stop in this doorway to the bathroom.
Locate the large painting above the teapot. Go through the door to the right of it. Pass the white couch and go through the door to the right of the fireplace. Travel to the brown couch with the pillow.
Walk down hall, at the end of the hall turn right into butler's pantry.
Turn left. Wait in between the table and chairs on the right and the couches.
walk through the doorway opposite of the fireplace, turn right and walk down the stairs turn right,  and walk down the second set of stairs, stop at the bottom.
Turn right and exit the room. Turn left and then turn right. Turn left into the room and wait near the black chair.
Leave the room by exiting through the open double doors. Go down the stairs and stop on the second step from the top and wait there.
Go left through the kitchen, straight into the room in front of you that has a table with a scale on top of it and stop.
Go straight through the wine room and pass through the open gated glass door. Turn sharply left and go through the open door on your left. Wait just outside the door on the rug.
Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk to the left of the railing and across the hall past the plant. Stop to the left of the stairs.
Walk across relaxation pool and enter the relaxation alter. Stop next to lit candles.
Exit the room. Walk straight until get to a large room. Turn right and pass the kitchen.Go straight into the room. Wait near the bed.
Step forward, make a hard right, walk pass the bed and turn right. Wait in the doorway.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and go toward the slatted door. Turn right and enter the living area.
Go straight pass the couches on the left. Turn left and go down the stairs on the left. Go down three steps then stop.
Turn left and walk straight. Wait at the end of the hallway.
Walk through the doorway with paintings of men on either side.  Wait here, next to pots on floor.
Walk into the hall and turn right. Walk through the entryway on the left and across the atrium. Walk up to the tenth step and stop.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk through the doorway on the right and stop in front of the bed.
Walk through the doorway to your left, and stop as you pass through the door.
Walk through the open door into the dining room area. turn the corner and walk through the kitchen along the counter passing the bar stools and sink. Continue through the open door at the end of the kitchen and follow the hall to a bedroom at the end.
Turn left and head towards the hall way. Continue straight until the door is in your path.
walk up the staircase onto the first landing, turn left, and walk up the second set of stairs on your left. Once you make it to the next landing walk through the middle doorway and stop in front of the wood table with a large statue next to it.
Exit the room, then immediately turn left through the doorway. Wait by the double doors.
With the door leading outside behind you, walk forward and turn left to go down the corridor with the eye chart towards your right. Continue past the half bath on your left and the kitchen on your right, then turn left. Enter the bedroom ahead of your though the leftmost door on the opposite wall.
Walk from telephone down hall and turn left down hall just before vase. Walk through archway into bedroom. Stop between bed and chair.
Turn left and walk out the doorway to the right of the large black cabinet. Once out turn left to go down the stairs. Stop on the 2nd step from the stop.
Walk down the hallway and take a left. At the end of the hallway take a left and a right at the next hall and enter the bedroom on your left.
Turn left outside of the room and walk out toward the hall and out through the doorway. Walk up  the two stairs toward the bath with the chairs on the left.
Walk toward the big wall of windows. Turn hard left and continue passed the kitchen. Stop when you reach the room in front of you.
Walk through doorway towards the tub, turn left and walk towards the bar, right before the bar turn left, walk up the stairs and walk through the first door on the right, stop right before the table.
Walk until you reach the brown dresser with the vase on top of it, turn righ, take a left  and walk through the first doorway, stop immediatly after the doorway.
Walk straight between the kitchen island and the black sofa into the room with the two white sofas facing each other. Stop next to the brown table between the two sofas.
Walk towards the ovens and into the hallway on the right of the oven. Enter the second door on your left and go into the bathroom. Stop inside the doorway to the bathroom.
Exit the craft room and make a left. Go past the stairs that go downstairs and head towards the front door. Enter the formal living room and then pass into the dining room. Stop just before reaching the table and wait.
Turn around and leave the bathroom.  Go into the bedroom.  Turn left and go down the hallway to the left.  You'll stop by the big cabinet on the left.
Walk forward, pass the swimming pool, and wait by the coffee table.
Turn left and walk straight down the long hallway towards the windows. Once you pass the bar area, turn right and enter the living room. Stop in front of the doors leading outside.
Leave the room between the two columns past the antelope. Turn Left and exit  into the hallway. Turn left again and go down the stairs. Stop at the door down stairs just before the exit to the building and wait there.
Exit the closet into the hall way. Enter the doorway to the nearest left. Enter the bedroom. Wait there.
Turn right and exit the bathroom. Once out turn right and then turn left and walk to the end of the small hallway and turn right. Walk into the foyer area and stop when you reach the table.
Go down the hall on the left and into the next room on the right. Go to the bottom of the staircase.
Descend down the stairs. Turn left and stop in the room.
Turn left and walk across the kitchen hallway. When you get to a more open area, turn slight right and walk past the bedroom, then stop in the door of the second bedroom.
Walk up the stairs.  Next, walk inside through the sliding glass doors. Continue straight past the television, towards another set of stairs.  Wait near the bottom of stairs.
Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left at glass door. Turn right at hallway. Walk to table on the right and stop.
Walk into the bedroom past the large glass mirrors. Turn left and walk past the bed. Turn left through the doorway into the bathroom. Wait at the doorway to the shower.
Walk forward out of the dining room with the round table on your left. walk through the room and into the kitchen. In the kitchen walk down the hallway on the right of the oven and stop in the doorway.
Go down the hallway, passed the stairs on the right and into the doorway on the right and take a step in and stop.
Go through the doors at the far end of the room and wait in the doorway to the left.
Turn right, go through the doorway and head up the stairs. Once you get up the stairs to the landing turn right and head through that doorway. Go into the room ahead of you. There should be a door to your left, and in front of you should be a fireplace with a portrait of a man above it. You are at your destination.
Walk left past the island and into the dining room. Turn right through the entryway and then left past the microwave. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk down the stairs and go straight down the hallway. Turn left into the room and wait near the dining table.
Exit room towards through doorway with wooden secretary and table next to it. Continue straight and wait in front of ropes.
Turn right and go down the hallway. Pass the couches and then turn right. Wait near the coffee table.
Exit dining room, walk towards the front door, go up stair case, turn right, stop in the doorway to bedroom.
Walk straight ahead through the door way. Walk through the kitchen storage area and into the kitchen. Walk all the way through the kitchen and stop when you reach the wood table with black and metal chairs.
walk out of the dining room, into the living room and take the first right into the recreation room. Stop between the door and the pool table.
Turn around and walk into the room with the pool. Walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
After you leave the grill area and are in the sitting room make a left and go through the doorway. Now walk past the couch and wait by the chair at the bar.
Turn around. Walk past the table on the right. Walk to the right out of the room. Turn left and walk towards the kitchen. Stop before the breakfast bar in the kitchen.
Exit the bathroom and walk down the hall. Wait at the bottom of the stairs, on the first step.
Walk to the far end of the walkway and wait at the top of the stairs.
Leave the bathroom, and take a left in the hallway. Enter the bedroom on the right next the double doors. Stop in the doorway to the closet.
Continue up steps and walk through kitchen, wait at dinging room table.
Go around the stairs into the hallway. Walk down the hallway until you reach the end, take a right, and stop at the entrance to the living room.
Go to the sink and turn right. Go to the first chair. Go to the left side of the dining table.
Go to your right passed the couch and the coffee table. Go to the pool table and then stop next to the window.
Turn right. Walk to the end of the hall. Turn right and enter the door.
Enter the room and turn around to see the stairs. Go up the stairs, then take a right, and stop in the bedroom doorway.
Turn around and exit out the door to the far right of the bed. Once out, Walk down the hallway. Once you get to where the hallway opens up, turn left and walk past the stairs. Stop looking into the next door to your left facing the sitting room.
Leave the laundry room and go down the hall to the right. Stop when you come into the kitchen.
Turn right and go through the door. Go down the hall way and go up the stairway to the left. Continue up the stairway to the left. Wait by the statue.
Walk toward the sign that says "Viaggio in oriente". Turn right before it, where the red path splits. Follow the path straight and stop in the first doorway.
go straight to the door then turn right.
Walk around the bed and to the door. Walk straight and slightly to the right. Turn left and wait in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk through the kitchen and go into the hallway with a marble floor to the left of the refrigerator.  Step in front of the counter with the phone and some flowers in a white vase and stop there.
Walk across the room and stop next to the door going outside, near the stairs.
Walk down stairs. Walk towards room with sette. Wait at that door.
Walk to the other end of the lobby and wait near the exit.
Walk past the dining room table, through the sitting room and out the sliding glass doors. Wait on the patio near the table and chairs.
follow the bay windows then take a left. go slightly right and stop by the staircase.
Walk to the front of the fireplace.
Walk around the bed and enter the hallway. Wait there.
Walk passed the right of the bar, and turn left to walk through the kitchen. Stop once you reach the shelves on your right.
Head diagonally through the kitchen, stop at the edge of the kitchen table, turn left and stop in the middle of the room near a vase on the floor.
With the bed to your left, exit the room through the rightmost door that's ahead of you and to the right. Continue down the hallway until you pass through an arched opening, then turn ninety degrees to the right and step through the arched opening. Stop when you reach the door on your immediate right.
Exit the room then head toward the black furniture straight ahead. When you get to it turn right and head all the way down passing the kitchen. Stop after you pass the kitchen.
Walk past the bathtub, through the doorway, and turn at your first doorway on your right. Walk into the closet and stop immediatly.
With the table to your left, go through the door on the right and down the stairs.  On the landing, go outside through the door rather than going down more stairs.  Stop in the doorway going outside.
Go through the lobby and wait in the kitchen.
Walk toward the kitchen and turn left at the counter. Proceed down the hallway, turn left into the living room and wait by the sofa.
Turn so you are facing the same direction as the open doors, leading to the room with urns on the left hand side.  Follow the red carpet and walk through the next doorway.  Stop on the carpet in that doorway.
Go down the stairs to the next floor. On the next floor take another right and go down the first section of stairs and stop on the landing in front of the room with the radiator visible.
Go straight past the bed and into the hallway. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and wait there.
Exit the dining room. Wait in the doorway on the right.
Walk past the two urns and turn left. Walk to the entrance of the dining room, straight ahead, and stop under the arch.
Turn left. Walk towards clock. Turn right. Walk past kitchen. Stop one tile length past the end of the black couch.
Exit the bedroom and walk strait across the hallway. Enter the door at the back of the bedroom and wait near the sink.
Exit the closet, turn right and Exit the bedroom, turn right,  go straight to the end of the bed, turn right, stop outside the bathroom door.
With the large window to your right, head forward and to your left until you reach the base of some stairs leading upwards. Continue past the stairs and towards some more stairs leading downwards. Pass to the right of those second stairs and down a narrow hallway with the banister on your left and some artwork on the wall towards your right. Enter the next room on your right when you reach it.
Walk to the right of the blue and black chairs and turn left. Walk past the coffee table and stop by the green and black chair.
Exit the bedroom, enter the bathroom, wait at the toilet.
With your back faced towards the doorway leading outside, walk through the door with the wooden frame and into the kitchen area. Take an immediate right and walk into the kitchen area. There should be counter tops on either side of you. Walk past the fridge and sink and through the door. Once past the door you should see the entrance of a bathroom and there you will reach your destination.
Go straight down the hallway opposite the brown door until you get to an intersection, make a left and go straight, then make a left before the bookcase and go straight into the bedroom on the left, take a step into the bedroom and then stop.
Turn left and go up the steps. Turn right at door across from the word 'ART' into massage room. Stop at massage table.
Move forward with the long table to your right. Move between the wall corner and wooden beam. Turn right and move between the smaller green chair and the bigger beige chair. Continue moving forward with the large wooden cabinet to your right. Turn 30 degrees to the right and pass between the small green chair and the tall floor lamp. Move around the wooden beam in front of you and then stop.
Walk across the room and wait at the far end of the bar.
Walk forward along the railing to the balcony. Go past the cabinet on your left. Stop on the rug before you pass the first bed.
WALK UP THE STAIRS, TURN TO THE LEFT AND ENTER INTO THE SECOND OPEN DOOR ON THE LEFT, WALK TOWARDS THE FOOT OF THE BED, TURN RIGHT AND ENTER THE OPEN DOOR TO THE BATHROOM.
Walk through the door toward the dining area.  Walk straight past the couch and stop before getting to the brown chair.
Leave the bathroom and take a right. Walk down the hallway into the entry way and stop next to the console table on the right, and the banister to the stairs on the right.
Exit through the set of double doors and head up one flight of the stairs.  Wait there.
Take the doorway on the right, turn right and walk straight through the double doors into the dining hall. Stop and wait near the clothed table.
Turn around and exit the double doors on the left. Walk out past the stairs and turn left. Enter the room straight ahead at the end. Walk into the room and then turn into the bathroom door on the right and stop.
Go along the table, go left into the living room, go passed the stairs to your left and passed the mirror to your right, go to the right of the top of the stairs and through the archway, turn right into the double glass doors and stop.
Walk past the dinning room table and enter the hallway. Then turn left and walk into  the kitchen. Stand near the oven.
Walk through the kitchen, enter the dining room, walk to the doorway to the right of the dining room table, wait at the glass table.
Face in the direction of the refrigerator and head towards the stairs to the left of the refrigerator. Climb the stairs, then go forward until you can turn right to get to the foot of a flight of carpet covered stairs. Stop of the first step of those stairs.
Take a left into the bedroom and take a right into the bathroom. Wait in the bathroom.
Continue down the wooden staircase, following it to the right.  Once on the bottom floor.  Walk directly across the room towards the plaid couch.  Then turn right and proceed through the white door into the bathroom.  Step into the bathroom and stop just inside of the doorway.
Go through the room and take a left through the doors, toward the stairwell. Go down the stairs a bit and stop in front of the door leading outside.
Walk through the dining room and kitchen air to the short flight of stairs. Walk up the short flight of stairs. Wait by the door at the top of the stairs.
Walk across the room to the open door.  Go to the left towards the stairs then go downstairs.  Stop in front of the open door that leads outside.
Walk down the flight of stairs to the lower level. Walk into the room ahead with the tile mosaic on the floor. Walk around the corner through the open arched door to the right with rug on the ground.
Walk past the kitchen and go behind the couch and take a right into the fitness room. Stop next to the treadmill.
Go straight past the pool. Walk between the bar and chairs.  Stop when you get to the corner of the bar.  That's where you will wait.
Walk straight until you get to a dresser with a vase on top of it. Turn left and wait there.
Go up the steps. Go into the house using the sliding doors on the left. Go straight until you get to the fridge and wait there.
Go to the painting. Go to the electrical receptacle. Go to the NQHG painting. Go to the couch. Go to the footstool.
Walk through the dining room into the living room and take a left. Take a left at the stairs and walk forward along the hallway next to the stairs. At the end of the hall take a right into the art room. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk up the stairs and go left into the bedroom. Turn left into the bathroom.
Go right around the counter and turn left. Continue until you are at the end of the second orange couch.
Walk past the bar and make a hard right into the walkway next to the jacuzzi. Wait just inside the door.
Walk across kitchen to entry way, stop between vase and mirror.
Turn right and go into the hallway.  Turn left and go down the hall.  When you get to a doorway, turn right and go towards the entrance door.  Stop by the entrance table and mirror.
Go past the kitchen hallway then turn left. You will see a painting on the wall with letters like you see at the eye doctor on your left. When you see that turn right. Head toward the door with the blue rug that has the #25. Stop before you get to the rug.
Walk past the closed off section and make a slight left turn followed by a sharper left turn and stop completely once near the end of the paintings.
Turn left and go through the kitchen. Turn left and walk past the kitchen island. Turn right and walk past the pottery. Wait inside the room on the left next to the table with the flowers.
Walk through the doorway into the hall.  Cross the hall and enter the door to the right of the Curtis Wilson Cost painting that is hanging on the wall. Walk past the drawers and shelves and wait.
Go into the house and through the dining room. Enter the living room and go through the door on the right. Enter the recreation room and stop on the right side of the pool table.
Turn to face black door. Walk forward. Turn right to walk past stairs. Stop in front of door on right.
Walk straight then turn left. Walk straight into the room with the double doors. Wait near the desk.
Leave the bedroom and walk straight. Take the last left at the end of the hallway. Stop once you are in the bathroom.
take a right then a let. stop next to the last door of the hallway.
Walk forward through the doorway, turn right, walk to the next doorway and wait.
Walk straight all the way ahead passing both the semi circle brown tables on the right. Stop in front of the four beige cushioned sofa seats that are placed in a circle.
Enter the kitchen to the left. Go forward and through the brick archway directly ahead. Enter the living area with the beige couch. Wait there.
Head down the stairs, turn right and continue down the stairs until you reach a door, turn right and continue further down to the bottom of the stairs, wait there near two door frames.
Through hallway toward clock on the wall. Turn left at the mirror. Enter bedroom. Walk straight through the bedroom stopping just inside of walk-in closest.
walk from dining room to living room turning slightly right before lounge chairs, walk straight following cabinet. turn slight right and stop at stairs.
Go left through the door.
Move to the far left corner of the table Proceed to the doorway to your right walk into the kitchen with the stove on your right proceed forward until the fridge is on your left proceed forward once more until there is a small sink on your left and shelves on your right.
Exit room and turn left. Walk towards counter top and turn left at stairs. Go up 2 sets of stairs and turn right at doorway.
Walk down the hall toward the black shelf. Turn right and stop in the bedroom at the end of the hall.
Exit the sitting room and make a right. Walk past the urns on the floor. Make a hard right just after the stairs. Walk past the four photos of flowers on the right. Walk through the open door. Wait on the area rug.
Walk past the refrigerator and out of the kitchen.  Enter the second bedroom on the right.  Stop near the foot of the bed with a gray comforter.
Turn left and go up the stairs. Then take your next right and stop.
Go up the stairs and turn left. Wait at the doorway to the bedroom straight ahead.
Go through the wooden doors to the dining area. Walk past the dining table to the glass and wood doors beyond. Turn right and go through the doors to the vestibule. Stop at the doors leading to a second dining area.
Step out into the hallway and turn left.  Walk down the hallway.  Make a left and walk through the doorway with the double glass doors that is to the left of the top of the staircase.  Stop in front of the small table with the red leather chairs in that room.
Go through the door on the right, then turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk just past the table and then stop.
Walk up the stairs. Go up a few stairs across from the open door.
Go into the hall and stop in the bedroom across from the stairs.
Go forward toward the mirrors. Exit the bedroom area through the door directly ahead. Enter the hallway, and turn left. Go toward the indoor dining table. Stop there.
Go through middle room and to the right into the room with the sink, go straight through until you come to an archway on your left make a left through it and go through the doorway and wait.
Walk past the stairs and into the bedroom. Walk by the nightstand, and turn left. Walk into the open door directly beside the bathroom door and wait.
Walk across the room past the table and chairs and into the hallway. Walk into the first door on the right and stop.
Walk past the desk and out through the black door into the hallway. Walk around the corner with the woven baskets and potted plant. Continue around the front of the stairs near the entrance on the home and walk up the first few steps.
Head across the room towards the front door then turn left. Go up the stairs and turn right. Enter the bedroom then wait.
Turn left then walk down the hallway.  Then turn right and enter the den.  Then walk through the bath room and enter the exercise room.
Take around, go towards the bed with the trunk, take a left and head down the stairway and stop right before the end of the stairway.
Walk with the table on your left, through the doorway into the kitchen. Turn right before the island and continue straight past the island. Walk through the doorway on the right, there will be steps on your left, walk down two stairs and stop.
Go forward down the hallway. Take a right in the office. Go into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway.
Turn around and walk all the way through the next room. Enter the doorway straight ahead and stop once you enter and there are chairs on both sides of you.
Leave the kitchen and walk into the living room. Walk through the living room towards the doors in the entry way. Stop on the stone with the pillar on your right.
Exit the bedroom and stop on the gray rug near the rustic shelf with numbers on it.
Walk into the room with the pool and head to the left. Walk along the side of the pool and walk up the two steps at the end. Wait at the end of the pool.
Face the wall with the large painting and four chairs.  Walk to the right of the chairs though the open door. Walk straight through the room and stop in the doorway.
walk forward then turn left, walk again then left at the corner then walk again and turn left.
Walk behind the couch and turn right. Walk forward and wait near the dining table.
Go to the ottoman. Go to the bed. Go to the wardrobe. Go to the glass jug.
At the foot of the stairs, turn left to walk into lobby area.Walk across the lobby area to enter the pool room and wait near the pool table.
Walk forward towards the stairs.
Go up the stairs and keep walking straight until you reach a wooden door.  Turn right into the room with the TV and stop a few feet in front of the table in the middle of the room.
Take the leftmost door. Walk past the large painting to your left. Take a left and wait in the doorway.
When you get to the pink bench turn right  and then walk straight until you pass four chairs on the left. Turn left and wait at the entrance of the room.
Walk out of the dining room and into the door between the dining room and kitchen. In the hall take a right into a bedroom and stop outside of the closet door.
walk away from fireplace, through the doorway on the left side of the bed, continue straight, turn left through doorway to bathroom and stop.
Walk clockwise around the bed and stop in the interior doorway on the other side.
Turn around and head up the stairs to the first landing and continue to the second landing. Wait near the statue.
Turn around and go up the stairs. On the second landing go into the door on the left in front of you and stop on the rug by the book case.
Walk past the console table to the right. Make a left just before the bed. Walk past the torso dress form on the right. Walk past the stair railing to the right. Make a right, and walk past the wall mirror to the left. Wait at the open bedroom door.
At the bottom of the stairs, go through the nearest archway to your left. Head straight until you enter the room with a pool table. Step slightly to the left to get out of the way.
Exit dinning area passing the stove, stop in front of stairs.
Walk through the bathroom, take a right and walk through the kitchen.Take a right out of the kitchen and walk down the hall. Stop once you leave the hall way.
Walk past the bed and move straight until you have pasts through 3 doorways.
With the sink at your back walk out of the bathroom and into the hallway and into the pantry across from the bathroom and straight into the kitchen and at the end of the kitchen take a left into the closet with the sink stopping next to the tall cabinet on the left.
Head past the closed closet. Go through the pantry and into the kitchen. Walk past the kitchen up to the table in the dining room.
Exit the room and turn left, head toward the kitchen and turn right. Go through the kitchen and out the door. Wait right at the bathroom door.
Exit living area, make a left walk forward slightly and wait.
Leave the pool and walk up three steps next to the bar. Walk up three more steps. Immediately turn right and wait just inside the massage room.
Continue down the wood staircase, turn right at the bottom and walk behind the two chairs toward the pool table. Turn right at the pool table and stop in front of the red chair with a brown leather foot stool.
Enter the dining room through the closest doorway. Follow the red carpet around to the right. Head through the doorway directly ahead. Wait by the rug.
Turn around and enter the bedroom straight ahead. Wait just inside the doorway.
Leave the sauna and enter the pool room. Stand on the platform at the end of the pool near the lounge chairs.
Go up the steps. Walk straight until you pass the kitchen. Continue straight until you get to a very large table with chairs.
Walk up the stairs and turn left at the plant. Walk forward wait at the bedroom with rug that has squares on it.
Facing the couch with the counter at your back take a right down the hallway and go straight past the sitting area and take the right right into the hallway and stop past the letter picture in front of the sliding door to the pantry.
Go up stairs, turn right and go into kitchen. Stop at circular counter with chairs.
Take a sharp left. Walk under the chandelier and wait next to the billiards table.
Walk past the stairs, down the walkway and stop in the second bedroom next to the bathroom door.
Walk up the stairs ahead. Enter the massage room and wait next to the massage table.
Continue up the stairs and take a right into the bedroom. In the bedroom take a left and go through the closet, and stop in the bathroom doorway.
Turn around and walk up both sets of stairs. Take a right into the massage room and wait there.
Walk straight until you get to a white pot with flowers. Turn left and wait near the bottom of the stairs.
Walk up the stairs to the second landing. At the top take a right and enter the room. Step on the rug with the doorway on the left. Stop here.
Leave the fitness area, and go left. Take the first right at the wine room. Walk straight ahead into the TV room. Stop once you enter the room.
You need to walk down the stairs and when you get to the landing go to the last door on the right. Once you go inside the doorway of the bathroom wait.
Exit the bathroom then turn left and go into the bedroom next door. Wait near the bed.
Facing the "ART" sign on the floor, go left, go through the brown double doors, step up on to the platform between the pool and the three lounge chairs and stop.
Turn around and go out of the room towards the clock.  Turn right and go down the hall past the kitchen counter.  At the end of the kitchen counter turn left and go past the kitchen to the hall and go slight left and straight through the door.
Go down the stairs and turn left into the room then wait there.
Turn right to walk around the table. Walk toward the stove. Turn right to exit the room. Walk through the doorway. Walk towards the stairs. Stop on the second step.
Walk up the stairs. Turn left and wait in the entry way of the bedroom.
Go up the stairs to the next level and go down the hallway.  Turn into the room on the right and walk to the center of it.  Walk through the two columns on the right and stop in front of the horned animal head on the floor.
Go all the way down the hall until you see a white vase and then make a left. Following that, make a left directly into the bathroom which will be the first door on the left and wait there.
With the thermostat towards your right and the doors leading outside in front of you, enter the corridor and turn right, Continue forward and turn left when you reach the first intersection. Pass by the kitchen to your right and continue down the corridor until you reach the dining room. Stop once you reach the carpet on the wooden floor.
Go into the room with the tile floor and wait.
Exit through the door to the right. Walk by the bathroom and through another door into the landing. Go all the way up the stairs. Wait there.
Leave the bedroom. Turn left into the hallway opposite the bookshelf. Go to the end of the hallway. Go left to the white couch.
Leave the closet, and walk out of the bedroom. Stop once you exit the bedroom door.
With the desk on your left walk forward and out of this room. In the next room stop on the red rug just outside of the doorway you just left.
Walk out of the living room past the couches. Go straight into the dining room and a stop behind the second chair on the left.
Walk past the white marble bust on a pedestal to the right. Make a left at the barricade stanchion to the left. Wait at the fire extinguisher on the floor the left.
Turn around and walk out of the room into the hallway. Walk down the hallway and then turn left in the first hallway on on your left. Walk into the hallway and turn left into the kitchen storage area and stop right before you reach the sink.
Exit the laundry area and turn right continuing down the hall. Enter the kitchen and wait by the island.
Walk forward into the dining room and walk towards the table with the red table cloth on the right. Walk past the table with the red tablecloth and into the hallway. Stop next to the first roped off area on your right.
Exit bedroom and walk straight to kitchen. Stop at edge of counter.
Walk forward through the kitchen and pantry. Veer right and enter the bedroom at the end of the office. Stop after you pass the door.
Please go out from the bed. To take right and enter into the other bedroom with light and dog.
Walk past beige rug. Walk past butler's pantry. Make left after eye chart. Wait at gold polka dot picture frame.
Walk past altar book stands. Wait under wooden rafter.
Take a left at the first doorway.Walk down the hall and stop at the next doorway.
Exit out of the room through the door. Walk straight towards another door that is on the right of you, passing the stairs. Enter the room walk ahead and turn right at the first corner, and stop in front of the animal showpiece.
Turn left and exit the room out the door. Once out turn left and enter the door straight ahead and stop.
Turn ro your left and exit into the hallway. Turn left and enter the bedroom and then turn left and enter the closet.
Stand with the picture of the girl on your left and walk straight through the room and out the door on the opposite side.  Once passing through the door, turn right and walk into the room.  Stop on the side of the bed.
Go straight into the hall. Turn right and walk straight until you go into another room. Wait there.
Walk around the right side of the bed and leave the bedroom. Make a right and walk down the hallway until you get to the second window then turn left and wait in the bathroom.
Walk towards the kitchen, and take a left down the path between the kitchen and the gray couch. Take a right on your first door on the right, and stop between the two doorways.
Walk towards the french doors and turn left. Walk past the kitchen area. Go to the end of the hallway and wait in the archway near the painting.
Turn around and turn right in the doorway after the set of red chairs. Wait just outside this same doorway.
Walk into the bedroom area. Walk passed the bed and through the door. Walk down the hallway and into the bedroom with the striped bed backboard and golden blanket laying on top.
Leave the bathroom and go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs take a right, and another right into the living room. Stop next to the coffee table.
Climb to the top of the three stairs next to you and continue forward and climb the next set of three stairs as well. Continue forward and enter the second room on your right.
Walk straight toward the mirror, then turn left and exit the bedroom. Take the first turn on your right, then turn right again through the second door on your right.
exit room to hallway, follow hallway to the right passed stairs and into bedroom. stop just inside doorway.
walk up stairs. Turn left and walk to the double doors by the living room.
Leave the bathroom and closet. Exit the bedroom and take a right. Enter the room on the right and stop in the doorway.
Go past the eye chart and in the right bedroom door and wait.
Go up the stairs. Turn right. Continue straight into the hall. Turn right at the end of the hall. Stop next to the basket with balls in it.
walk forward then turn left then walk straight again entering the living room.
Go left down the hallway and turn left. Go down the hall and stop once you reach the wood floor.
Go down the hall with the piano and take a left at the end. Take the first left In the bedroom. Step on the carpet halfway between the nightstand and tv stand and stop.
Walk past the railings and over the square rug.  Keep following the railings and walk across the round rug that is in the 11 o'clock position from the end of the square rug.  Stop after passing over the round rug, just before some stairs going down.
Turn and go down the hallway, past the stairs. Enter the living room on the right.
Walk all the way forward and enter another door. Keep walking forward on the red carpet, and stop where the tiles are on the ground, and the end of the carpet.
Go between the couch and the island straight down the hallway. Pass through the next room and then turn right. Stop in front of the bathroom door and wait there.
With the violin on your right, walk straight down the hallway, past the windows on the right.  Turn left at the end and stop in the round doorway.
Walk across kitchen, turn left and stop under the stairs.
Walk from bathroom into bedroom. Walk out of bedroom into hallway. Walk into bedroom. Wait next to open bedroom door.
Exit the bedroom. Walk straight past the bathroom, then turn left. Walk straight toward the wall until you have to turn. Turn right and wait by the table.
Go straight. Pass the stairs on the right and continue straight. When you get to the stairs going up pass those as well. Go into the room with the couches and then turn right. wait near the glass table with white chairs.
Go straight. Pass the bar with the stools. Walk straight until you get to a table with chairs then stop.
Walk through the door on the right side of the bed.  Go straight through the closet and into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet.
With the foot of the bed behind you, exit the bedroom through the door on the left and walk to the top of the stairs.  Go through the open door at the top of the stairs and enter the bedroom.  Stop after entering this bedroom.
Turn to the right walk into the choir loft. Walk  down to the last music stand and wait.
Go up two flights of stairs, and go into the left room with the red rug.
Turn around and go down the staircase.  Once down, go through the door that is straight but slightly to the right.  This room you enter will be a living room/den type of room.  Wait right at the entrance, by the couch.
Walk into the house, and go through the kitchen. Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the large black bookcase. Go down the stairs. Stop on the third stair from the top.
turn to your right and go down the hallway and take a right into the first doorway and then stop right next to the chair.
Walk up stairs. Walk onto the carpet runner on the floor. Make a right through the open door on the right. Walk between the two columns on the right. Wait at the animal head on the floor to the left.
walk forward and turn left, walk past the table, then wait near the doorway.
Go up the stairs and straight forward through the doorway. Turn right, move forward, and enter the doorway on the right. Move forward into the bathroom and stop in front of the toilet.
Turn to walk between the kitchen sink counters, then turn left. Pass the refrigerator and turn right. Wait in the hallway by the counter.
Turn right and walk through the kitchen. Go right into the living room and stop by the rug.
Go up the staircase to the next floor and take a left before the woven basket, to the double doors. Wait at the entrance to the office, by the large table.
Walk to the right of the stairs. Continue past and to the right of the stairs that go down. Turn right and stop in the doorway of the double glass doors.
walk between the columns towards the sofa. walk through the doorway with the white door. walk down the stairs. stop in front of the door leading outside.
Walk past the exercise ball, onto the wooden floor. Walk to the left past the sofa.  Turn to the right past the soft and wait next to the glass table with the plant on it.
Talk through the double doors into the room with the small fountain and the chandelier. Then make a left near the stairs and walk into the dining room.
Walk up the steps and go left. Walk left past the beam and stop by the chair.
Head down the hallway.  Turn right once past the couch.  Turn right and stop in the pantry next to the sink.
Turn to your left and exit the room out of the door beside the wooden drawers. Once out of the room walk across the small area and through the next entry way on the left. Stop inside the room before you get to the doors leading outside.
Turn around and go up the stairs. Turn left and go up more stairs. Wait at the top of those stairs.
Leave the bathroom, and take a right. Take the first left and go down a hallway. At the end of the hall take a right into the foyer. Stop before you reach the mirror.
Walk towards the desk in the office area. Stop next to the desk.
Walk down the stairs, and through the archway directly to the left of the wooden chair, Continue past the potted plant and through the wooden archway on the left onto the hardwood floor. Walk towards the dining table and stop.
Turn right and enter the kitchen. Wait in the doorway next to the oven.
Go do the hall, and go left. Take the right before you enter the entry way, and go straight. Stop once you are on the rug, behind the desk chair.
Walk down the hallway and pass all the picture frames placed on the right until the end. Turn left to enter another room, and stop there.
Turn around and exit the pantry. Cross from the counter to the patio and stop.
Enter the bedroom and stand at the foot of the bed.  Walk right and exit the bedroom from the door with a letter "B" on the wall to your left.  Take a right turn out of the bedroom and walk in through another bedroom's door where you see a light colored shaggy rug.  Take another right turn and stand just through the door after the white little dog on the floor to your left.
Go through the doorway, past the dining table, and through the doorway into the large lobby area, waiting here.
Turn right and enter through the sliding door. Continue past the TV on the right. Enter the kitchen and wait beside the fridge.
face the fridge, turn left, walk straight past stove and sink,turn left in first doorway, turn right and walk through door, stop in front of the doorway to the closet on your left.
Walk forward to the curio cabinet and turn right. Enter the bedroom and walk to the foot of the bed. Turn to the left and walk past the leather chair and through the doorway. Wait near the sink.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and walk toward the room. When you get to the bed turn right and go out the door on the right. Turn left and go down five steps.
Continue up the stairs and wait atop the red door mat in front of the door with the black handle on the right.
Exit the small room with the massage table.Enter the second door on the left.
Exit the room. Turn right and then Turn left. Pass the kitchen and turn right. Wait near the large table with the chairs.
Walk forward passing the dining table on it's right side. Exit the room with the table, and stop before you reach the end of the rug on the right.
Climb the three steps next to you and continue forward, climbing three more steps. Stay straight and pass through the door opening directly ahead of you, then stop next to the massage table.
Walk through the doorway to the left of the wooden bench, walk through second doorway on the leftside, walk towards dining table and stop right before it.
walk away from sink, turn left, walk towards foot of bed, exit through doorway on left, turn right and step down two stairs and stop.
Go up all the stairs and stop on the rug at the top.
Walk across the room and straight down the hallway. Wait in the doorway.
Walk down the stairs. When you reach the landing, turn right and continue to walk down the stairs. Walk through the doorway on your left and stop.
Walk through the hallway and descend three steps. Continue through the doorway straight ahead and descend three more steps. Wait at the bottom of the steps next to the bar.
Walk left along the path in the sauna and out the door until you are in the pool room.
Go upstairs and wait in the doorway on the left.
Walk down the stairs, take the first right, and stop in front of the bathroom.
Walk down the path with the informational sign to your right. Stop in the doorway where the red carpet ends.
Walk forward around the bed and out of the door on the left and into the office. In the office walk straight and take a right at the first hallway. In the hallway take a right into the hallway/entryway, and stop right next to the table on the right.
exit the roped off hall, follow the red carpet, turn right, continue straight down the red carpet, enter room at the end, stop once inside the room.
Exit the bathroom, turn left and exit the bedroom. Wait in the hall by the stair case.
Go through door. Turn right on corner. Turn right on corner again. Stop.
Walk up the short staircase and proceed down the hallway to the brown wooden door with small slit windows.  When you are almost to the door, turn right and walk into the room with the television.   Find the corner of the coffee table nearest to the couch on the right side of the room and stop about 1 foot from the edge of the table.
Turn left and go straight until you get to a large table.
Go through the bathroom and into the kitchenette. Go past the counter and out the open door. Head down the hallway and stop right past the open book.
walk towards yellow chair and turn right, walk past couch and straight through doorway towards dining table, walk on left side of dining table through double doors, walk over one doormat, stop on the second doormat.
Walk up all the stairs to the top, and stop at the second stair from the top.
Go forward through an archway towards the console table, and veer right to an open doorway, and go through it. Wait there.
Turn around and exit the room. Walk through the next doorway and then turn left. Walk down the stairs and stop on the platform with the white door.
Turn around and walk through the doorway. Turn right and walk across the hall and wait by the small table just before the dining room entrance.
Turn around and go to the left. Turn right and cross through the kitchen. At the end of the hallway stop.
Go straight until you get to the frame on the wall of the teddy bear with the balloons saying "welcome" then turn right and go straight until you get to the room and wait in the entrance.
Go down the stairs, and enter the room ahead on the left side. Stop at the edge of the shelves on your right.
With the grill/oven on your left, walk straight through to the room with the microwaves.  Walk straight through this room and out the door on the other side.  Stop after stepping through the door at the end.
Go into the white door and turn left then go down the stairs until you get to the door that leads to outdoors and wait there.
Move forward into the kitchen, take the first door on the right, move forward past the sink and counter top, enter the hallway to the right of the oven.
Head to the doorway and into the hall.  Turn right and go down the stairs.  Stop midway on the second flight of stairs.
Walk down the red carpet away from the bedroom, through the doorway and wait near the stairs.
Turn toward your left and walk to the grey fence at the side of the yard.  At the fence, walk along the side of the yard going towards the house.  When you get to the sidewalk that runs along the side of the house, walk up one step and then stop before you walk up the second step.
Turn left and walk down the hall. Enter the foyer and stand in the middle.
Turn around 180 degrees.  Go down the hallway to the right.  Walk through the kitchen, past the island and stop as soon as you reach the table.
Finish climbing the stairs and walk straight through the doorway in front of you.  You'll be a bedroom at that point.  Turn right and walk across the room next to the bed to the doorway on your right.  Turn right and walk though the closet into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet in the bathroom.
Walk through the kitchen and walk out the door into the hallway. Turn right and then left and enter the door closest to the table. Enter the room and wait there.
Go alongside the pool towards the bar directly in front of you.
Step forward, make a left, turn right, enter the room on the left, wait near the chair.
Walk through breakfast nook. Walk past kitchen. Walk past thermostat. Wait at exercise ball.
go straight and make a sharp left then go towards the living room where you will see a photo frame of the nyc skyline.
Go up the stairs and take a right. Enter the doorway into the kitchen and take a left. Walk through the kitchen and take a left into the dining room. Stop in the doorway to the dining room.
Walk straight along the hallway and turn left on the first corner. Enter the room and walk until you see the purple sofa on the left side, and stop right in front of the animal showpiece placed on the floor.
Turn left and exit the bedroom. Walk past the stairs into the rightmost doorway. Wait by the entrance of the bedroom.
Exit the room then turn right and go down the stairs and turn right and go down the other stairs then stop.
Walk to end of hallway. Wait in threshold of laundry room.
Continue down the stairs until level ground. Go down another level, then another, then stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go down the stairs to your right and stop when you get all the way down.
Walk through the opening between the kitchen and the dining room. Turn right, go through the doorway and stop next to the closet with the yellow pillow on the shelf.
Turn left and take a right at the table. Take a left at the painting and then take your first right. Wait next to the exercise equipment.
Go straight into the kitchen, turn left and go passed the bar. Go to the end of the hallway and stop in front of the sink and shelves.
Leave the sitting room and go left. Take a right before you enter the foyer. Go straight into the office. Stop on the rug in front of the bookcase.
Exit the living room, turn left, wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Pass the desk and head straight until you pass the pool. Wait right at the entrance of the room with the beaded curtain.
Turn to the right and go down the stairs. Wait near the bottom stair.
Go around the bed and to the right. Go through the arch opening and wait near the thermostat.
Go out of the closet into the bedroom and turn left. Leave through the door and stand at the top of the stair case.
Walk forward to the end of the bed and turn right.  Walk across the room past the TV on the left and stop in the hall, in front of the closet door.  Turn right and walk into the bathroom stopping in front of the bathtub, just beyond the doorway.
Walk past the couch and turn left. Walk into the hall and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and stop by the closet.
Take a right, another immediate right, go to the front of the couch towards the billiard table, and stop.
Walk forward and go to the stairs. Go up the stairs and enter the hallway. Stop at the top of the stairs just outside of the door.
Turn around and walk past a wooden cabinet on the right.  Then turn to the right and walk in the bedroom.  Turn to the right again, and there will be a bathroom.  Stop right inside the doorway.  Wait there.
walk forward towards the stairs and take a right. Take a right near the bed into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk out of the room and turn right. Turn right at the stairs and walk into the bedroom. Turn left and take another left at the nightstand. Wait in the doorway next to the nightstand.
Walk down the stairs and turn right at the bottom of the stairs. Go down the 3 steps and stop just outside the laundry room and bathroom.
Leave art room to hall and turn left to stairs going up. Stop on 3rd stair.
walk to the left of the clock and down the hallway to the right. Turn right before the shelf and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Head out of the bedroom and then turn right into the hallway.  Go past the optometrist picture on the wall and stop in the hallway with the white couch visible on the left.
Walk and turn left around the counter and walk straight towards the living room. Stop next to the couch entrance.
Head past the bar along the side of the pool.  Turn right and stop inside of the sauna.
Face towards the outside patio table, and go just past the breakfast bar counter that is to the right.   Turn right, in  front of the countertop, and follow it all the way down to the other end.  Walk through the hallway until you see a familyroom just to the left. Wait there.
Walk out of the room and down the hallway. Walk past the kitchen and stop outside of the door to the dining room.
Go to the far end of the kitchen and wait in the sitting area.
Turn around and walk down the stairs. Wait in the entry way of the living area on the right.
Go to the newspaper rack Go to the post Go to the rugs on the table Go to the 2 metre high lamp.
Turn Left. walk through bedroom. walk down stairs and go to entrance.
Exit bedroom.  Walk forward and enter the door on the right.  Wait inside bedroom.
Walk past the chair and up the stairs. Walk down the hall way and up the stairs. Stop in the first doorway on the right.
Exit bathroom to bedroom, stop at bed.
Go past table and cabinet. Stop just after chairs.
Turn right toward the couch and go through the open door on the left. Turn left and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn around and enter the sitting room to your right. Walk in front of the fireplace to the other side and stop once you reach the pool table.
Walk down the hall passed the art of an eye exam. continue down the hall towards the room at the end with a desk and floor lamp beside it. Walk into the bedroom through the door nearest to the desk that has a twin bed and board game standing upright on the shelf.
Turn left until you face four chairs around an ottoman and a vase of flowers in front of a mirror on the right. Walk forward past the ottoman and towards the patio doors. Turn right at the patio doors and walk down the hallway through an archway until you come to a basket of sports balls on the floor with paintings on the wall.
Turn around and walk down the red rug and cross the room. Stop once you enter the next room and stop.
Enter the dining room and walk to the other end. Go through the double doors on the right. Walk straight across the walkway and wait outside on the mat.
Exit the bedroom and go down the hall slightly. Make a left into the last room down the hall. Go into that room and enter into the bathroom on the left hand side.
Walk up the flight of stairs to the top. Turn and follow the railing into the bedroom area. Walk towards the closet.
Leave the bedroom and take a right . Veer left and enter the living room ahead. Take a right in the living room, and enter the dining room.  Stop on the left of the first dining chair.
Leave the room, and take a right. Walk straight across the hall into the room across. Stop once you are in the room on the rug.
Go through the archway to the right, and walk to the podium.
Turn around and walk towards the large clock. Once you reach the clock, turn right and walk through the doorway. Once out, enter the doorway to the left of the bench. Walk forward and enter the entry way made out of wood. Stop once you reach the large table and chairs.
Turn right and walk past the columns, then turn left and enter the hallway.  Stand on the stairs going up. Wait there.
Move towards the table and down the hallway, with the table to your left. You'll be walking off the wood floor and on a red path. End promptly before the doorway where there is wood storage to the left hand size with a dark urn on top.
Go to the closed door. Go to the electrical outlet. Go to the two brown pots. Go to the glass door.
Turn right and go straight past the bar with the stool/chairs. Wait near the ledge with the vase and white flowers.
Exit bathroom, make hard left into bedroom, wait by bed.
Leave the room and take a left int he hall. Enter the room which is first on the right.Take a right and stop on the rug in front of the animal head on the floor.
Walk through the kitchen area past the dinner table and stove. Walk past the stairwell and into the living room area. Continue past the cushioned armchairs and stop near the fireplace with statues on the mantle.
Leave the library and walk straight across the foyer. In the hall take a left into the living room and walk right into the dining room. Stop behind the second dining chair on the left side of the table.
Walk toward the railing and right past the stairs. Walk into the living room and turn right. Stop by the end table.
Go toward the house and through the sliding doors.  Turn right and stop by the dinning room table.
Go down the hallway past the large framed artwork and table, turn towards the eye chart, forward, and stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Go through the door on the right and continue straight. Stop in the next room in front of the bed.
Go up the stairs and turn left at the top  Walk through the glass door and stop when you step inside the exercise room on the other side.
Exit this bedroom and travel to the one that is next door.
Walk straight past the table and turn right to go between the kitchen counters and walk straight past the refrigerator into the pantry and stop halfway between the two shelves on the right.
Walk towards the door that leads to outside and then turn left before the door. Go up the staircase straight ahead. At the top of the stairs go into the weight room and wait there.
walk straight to hallway on right. turn right and follow hallway, at the end of hallway turn slight left and enter living room. Stop at couch.
Exit the laundry room and walk up the stairs to the left. Continue past the carpeted stairs and turn right. Turn right again and enter the living room. Wait near the coffee table.
Leave the kitchen, and walk through the pantry. In the hall take a left, and take a right at the end of the hall. Stop next to the plan on the table in the entryway.
Go into the room with the very large TV.  Keep going past the couches and out through the back door to the back patio.  Stop outside the door facing an outdoor dining set.
Go down the stairs and turn right. Head toward the pool table and when you get to the fireplace wait there.
Go straight past the large table and chairs. Turn left and wait near the lamp.
Go through the hall to the right side of the big clock. Go to the circular tile on the floor. Go through the hallway next to the wooden chair. Go to the dining table.
Walk straight on the light colored tiles past the wooden column.  Stop when you are in front of double doors with black urns on either side.
Walk in the direction of the table at the end of the hall, and take a left. Walk into the office. Stop once you pass the doors.
Go down the stairs and turn right. Keep going down the stairs and stop in the doorway of the living room.
Go forward toward the windows. Go toward the the far couch, Stop next to the couch, in front of the windows.
Continue up the flight of stairs to the landing, then climb one more flight of stairs. At the top of the second flight, continue forward and enter the room directly ahead.
Go down the hallway, turn left in the circle room, go into the doorway before the mirror and take a few steps in and stop.
Walk towards the sink and turn right. Walk forward and turn left before the table set. Wait in the corner.
Walk up the remainder of the way up that flight of stairs, then continue up the second flight of stairs until you reach a landing with four rooms.  Turn right and walk down that hallway into the room at the end of the hall.  Stop in the room with boxes in it, next to the door leading to another room and near the fireplace.
Walk down the stairs and turn hard left at the landing. Wait on the rug, near the doorway.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Turn left and walk into the second door on the right. Stop in front of the bed.
Walk into the dressing room and turn left. Walk into the bedroom. Turn right and walk past the bedroom to the door on the right. Go through the doorway and wait a few steps down the stairs.
Walk towards the kitchen and go through the kitchen into the hallway. Stop in the hallway next to the phone and answering machine.
Walk out of the room and go past the stairs and into the bedroom that is straight ahead, go to the bathroom doorway and wait there.
In the entry way go up the stairs and in the hallway at the top take a left and go past the dining room into the entry way with the stairs on the right side and stop right between the bottom of the first stair and the console table on the left.
turn around and exit the closet. walk into the bedroom through the door on the right. turn left and go into the bathroom.
Turn hard left toward the dining room, then left down the hallway. Proceed left through the archway and into the foyer. Wait on the mosaic tile in the center of the room.
Go around the table and to the right. Walk through the double doors leading into the house and turn left. Take a hard left and wait between the bottom of the stairs and the wall near the mirror on the left.
Walk up stairs.  Wait at top.
With the doll display case on your right, go through the arched opening into the bedroom and then continue forward until you can enter the bathroom towards your left.
Stand with the wooden door behind you.  Walk straight, past the oven and through the door to the next room.  Walk through the room past the sink and microwaves.  Stop after passing through the last doorway of the room with the microwaves and into the hall.
Walk around the front of the bed past the arm chair in the corner. Walk out through the door in the corner of the room past the mirrored closet doors. Walk into the tiled hallway. Turn the corner in the hall and walk to the next corner with a painting on the wall and a vent on the wall around the corner. Walk into the next room with a dining table and cabinets against the wall.
Head toward the stairs, pass the stairs and go to the other stairs that go down. Go down two steps and stop.
Walk through the kitchen, turn slight right, wait near the bedroom doorway.
Leave the room and turn left.  Walk a few steps and then turn left again and walk past the stairs.  Walk down the hallway and stop when the doors to the bathroom and laundry room are in front of you.  Do not enter either room, just stop in front of the doors.
Go upstairs and enter the bedroom on the right.
Start at the bedroom door. Go out into the hallway. Turn right. Walk past a bathroom on the left. Go into the bedroom door at the end of the hallway on the left.
Walk down the hallway through the arched doorway. Walk into the kitchen area. Walk through the doorway into teh dining room area passing by the stove. Walk into the living room are towards the fireplace stopping near the couches.
Turn left just beyond staircase railing to enter hallway.  Walk past painting on the wall.  Turn right.  Walk into room with circle rug.  Wait here.
Head out of the shower and out of the bathroom.  Go toward the bedroom.  Go in the bedroom and stop at the side of the bed.
Walk through the sitting area and wait under the stairs next to the railing.
Turn left and walk across the hallway. Turn left again and walk across this hallway and wait by the bathtub.
Turn around and continue through the door. Turn right and then turn left to follow the red carpet. Stop in the entryway.
Exit the room going straight. Turn right go down the hallway until you get to a black bookcase. Turn right and continue going down the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Wait at the entrance.
Exit the weight room and walk through the archway on the left. Wait in the kitchen near the range.
exit bedroom to hallway, turn right and enter bathroom. Stop before bathtub.
Walk towards the stairs. Stop in the middle of the tile mosaic in this room.
Climb up the stairs and turn right at the top. Enter the room, then stop.
Exit the room through open door. Turn left and walk outside that door towards the pool. Stand just outside that door, looking at the pool with the bar on your left.
Walk down the hall and make a left at the end and stop at the first room on the right. Wait in the entryway of the room with the two couches.
Go straight until you exit the room and go outside. Continue going straight to go inside again then turn right and wait at the entrance to the kitchen.
Turn right and walk around the stair case, and turn left and stop in the door on the left.
Go straight then turn right and go into the kitchen. Turn left and walk through the kitchen . When you pass the fridge on the right wait near the phone on the left.
walk away from the pool, up the three marble steps to the left of the bar, walk through the doorway, up three more steps, and stop in the doorway on the right.
Exit bathroom into bedroom. Exit bedroom into hallway. and stop by stairs.
Turn right and wait in the entryway of the bedroom.
Walk to the end of the room past the ropes. Stop inside the next room.
Exit the entryway, turn left, walk to the study, turn right, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink.
Walk to the other end of the room. Wait in the archway in front of the podium.
Turn to the right and move forward through the kitchen. Take the first left and move toward the painting.  Walk into the utility room.
Step through the bathroom doors, make a left turn and take a step, then a sharp left turn and continue walking until you've made it through the bedroom door. Stop.
Turn and walk out of the bathroom into the hallway. Walk through the door into the room with shelves and a sink. Continue through the room into the kitchen area and walk past the stove and sink.
Walk down the stairs and head into the pool room. Stop at the bottom of the stairs once you are in the pool room.
Walk out the door left of the bed.  Walk to staircase and walk down one set of steps.  Wait by door.
Go out the door on the left, and turn left to go toward the bar. Go up the first set of stairs to your left.
Walk past the long rectangular dining table to the left, then turn left. Wait under the stairs.
Follow red carpet to open door on left. Continue through next room into big hall. Stop at checkered floor.
Walk straight and then turn right to exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn left when you get to large glass doors on the right and wait near the clear vase with the white flowers.
Walk on the left side of the table straight towards the couch and kitchen counter.  Walk between the couch and counter and continue until straight.  At the large clock on the wall turn left into the sitting area. And stop near the sofa on the left.
After you walk up the stairs make a right and walk up the second flight of stairs. Then make a left and walk to the sixth step and wait.
Walk straight through the kitchen, past the refrigerator and the utility sink. Walk through the sliding door and turn slight right, walking toward the bedroom door. Turn right and wait at the entrance to the second bedroom.
Walk down the path with an informational sign on your right. Continue straight through the doorway and stop after a couple of feet, just before another informational sign on the right.
Walk out of the room keeping the fireplace on your left. Walk down the long corridor and stop once you reach the next set of doors.
Walk through the kitchen past the refrigerator.  Take a slight right and enter the bedroom with a tree on the bedspread.
Walk past the pool table and walk into the room with the fireplace. With the fireplace on your right walk down the walkway and stop at the end before you enter the next room.
Walk forward, take a left and enter the second room on the left.
Walk into the bedroom on the right of the stairs. Take a left before you reach the bed and wlk straight into the bathroom. Stop outside of the little room with the toilet.
Exit the dining room and sitting area on the left. Enter the kitchen and wait by the light switch on the left.
Follow the kitchen island around to the left. Enter the dining room through the door left of the oven. Pass the dining table and wait there.
Turn around and go past the dining area, turn to the right and past the couch.  Then go down the hall way a little bit and then turn left into the living room.  Stop right there and wait.
Walk around kitchen island to dining room. Turn right and stop next to table with cross and vase.
Walk straight past the kitchen area and bar stools until you reach a formal dining table.  Walk into the room with the sofa on the right and stop by the glass table.
Turn to the right and walk forward through the open door onto the oriental rug.Turn to the right and walk through the open door and continue walking straight through the next open door. Walk through the next open door that is just after the staircase. Once through the door, stop on the red oriental rug.
Exit the bedroom. Turn left continue down the hallway until you get to the stairs. Wait there.
Walk along the backside of the couches passed the hanging wall clock into the next room. Continue down the hallway passing the shelf with decorations below a mirror. Turn the corner and continue passed the hanging art piece that looks like an eye exam test.
Turn left down the hallway, and turn left into the sitting room. Go into the first door on the left and stop once you reach the bed.
Exit the bathroom then exit the room using the door on the right. Head down the stairs and go down three steps then stop.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and go into the glass doors. Wait at the entrance.
Exit the door, and walk all the way down to the bottom of the staircase, and stop at the blue patterned carpet on the floor.
Turn around and walk through the door into the hallway. Turn left and go forward and stop next to the bed. Then turn left and go into the bathroom.
Leave the closet, and the bedroom. Go forward past the stairs. Enter the bedroom straight ahead. Stop in the doorway.
Go right into the hall. Take a left and go down the hall. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn right and walk straight until you are standing in a bedroom door, then stop.
Go through the living room and turn left in between the couches and the kitchen counter. Go down the hall then take a right before reaching the front door and stop between the two doors to the side.
Walk past the shelves and out of the garage. Stop in front of the opening to the wine cellar.
Go forward past the bed and the stairs. Stop in the doorway straight ahead.
Go up the stairs. continue straight when you get to the floor. Turn right and wait near the antelope head.
Walk back towards the house and go up the three stairs. Walk passed the table and patio other furniture and enter the house through the sliding door on the left.  Turn right inside the house and walk forward.  Stop and wait next to the TV and the table.
Turn left into the second door. Turn right and go up the stairs. Turn left and go up four steps then stop.
Head straight and exit from the door on the left. Turn right towards the steps and go down. Stop at the door leading outside.
Leave bedroom and enter hall, go straight down hall to kitchen. Stop at counter.
Walk up stairs, turn left and stop in bedroom.
Enter large dinning room, walk across room to exit on right. Wait at doors.
Turn around and walk along the wooden hallway.Wait the the wooden doorway.
Walk into the hallway and toward the stairs. Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go down the wooden stairs. Wait by the doorway next to the wooden bench.
Head through the door to the left of the curio cabinet. Go into the bathroom and stand by the purple bath mat in front of the sink.
Exit the room through the door on the right. Walk forward through the bedroom and wait in the doorway.
Turn to the left and go up the stairs.  Go into the bedroom and turn left, go beside the bed, turn left and go through a hallway.  Then you'll see a master bathroom.  Go just inside the doorway and wait right there.
Left the living room and make a left then walk past the stairs and make a left to walk down the hall beside the stairs. Make a right at the end of the hall and go into the art room and wait.
Exit into the hallway, turn right and head downstairs until you reach the door, turn right and continue down the stairs, and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Go down the stairs, Turn left and enter the room. Wait near the chairs that are facing the fireplace.
Go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs step on the rug. Stop on the rug close to the window on the right.
Exit the closet and walk to your right out of the bedroom. Walk to your left past the kitchen and into the living area. Wait in the living room just to the left of the grey area rug.
Leave the room through an entryway next to the painting of a man with a white wig and go down the hall with a long row of paintings, and wait at the entry to another room on the other end.
Walk past the bed into the hallway.  Walk past the stairs and straight into the first room after passing the stairs.  Stop in the doorway to this bedroom.
Go out of the bedroom and straight down the hallway past the stairs.  Go through the open door in front of you and stand at the end of the bed.
Walk down the red carpet and turn right at the bed.  Stop under the door frame.
Walk to the right side of the couch and stand in front of a grill/oven.  Turn right and walk through the room with the microwaves, leaving on the opposite side.  Stop after stepping through the doorway out of the microwave room.
Walk past the stairs going up and continue forward to the stairs going down.  Stop on the first step down.
Walk down the long hallway next to the stairs, past the wine cellar and wait in the bedroom on the right.
Walk past the bed on the left. Walk past the fireplace on the right. Wait at the area rug.
Walk up the stairs and down the hallway. Walk past the chairs and stop in front of the dining room table and chairs.
Go up the stairs through the outdoor living area and go inside through the sliding glass door. Go past the TV on your right and enter the kitchen. Stop between the kitchen island and pantry.
Walk out of the bathroom passed the sink and shower. Walk down the hallway through the arch ed entry and circular tiled room. Turn and walk into the bedroom with hanging curtains wooden bed frame.
Walk past the kitchen and through the first door on the right. Stop outside the closet door.
walk across bedroom to open door, enter sitting room and continue straight down hall, turn left into bathroom. Stop at sink.
Go through the room past the counter and the pool. Stop at the other end before the beaded doorway.
Walk forward through the kitchen and living room towards the patio. Stop on the patio just outside the sliding doors.
Walk forward into the sitting room ahead. Once in, turn left and walk through the doorway. Once through, turn left and walk to the bottom of the steps. Stop once you reach the door at the bottom.
Walk away from the couch, through the doorway and up the staircase on the left. Continue past the first landing, up the second set of stairs and stop.
Walk passed kitchen and turn right. Turn left into room passed table and chairs. Wait behind white couch.
Go up to the top of the staircase and stand at the top.
Enter the kitchen and walk past the refrigerator, then turn right. Proceed through the entryway and wait by the freezers.
Walk past the kitchen and wait in the short hallway at the far end of the kitchen.
walk through the doorway directly away from the chair, continue straight and turn right, immediately continue to the left into the pantry area. walk past the sink, fridge, oven, and stop before you get to the dining room table.
Go to the top of the stairs and turn left.  Go past the fake tree to the base of the stairs and go up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk in the direction of the stairs. Take a right into the room at the end of the stairs. Stop once you are in the dining room.
Go past the pillars and turn left. Exit the room and  turn left to go downstairs. Stop halfway down the stairs.
Walk up the stairs to the left. Continue straight and walk up the next set of stairs. Turn into the first room on the right and wait near the massage table.
Turn to your left and walk to the black chair alone at the wall and turn left. Then turn right to walk down the hallway. Walk into the first room on your left and stop behind the first chair.
Leave the bathroom.  Go through the door straight across the hall walk straight through the kitchen.  Turn left at the end of the bar turn left again and go in the room to the right stand in between the closet and the sink.
Walk past the stairs that go up. Go into the dining room and stop next to the glass dining table.
Turn around 180 degrees.  Go through the open door to the loft.  Once through the doorway, turn to the left and walk towards the far side of the loft.  Stop once you are just past the opening to the stairs.
Walk down the hallway straight ahead. Pass by the shelf area with potted plants and continue forward past the open room with couches. Walk into the open doorway ahead into a living room area. Pass by the barstools and counter and continue over to the dining room table.
Walk towards the antique bed and wait in front of it.
Walk past the chair and across the room. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk straight across the wine cellar and exit out the door on the other side. Once out turn left and then enter in the door to your left in the corner. Stop once you enter the open room with several large cabinets.
leave sitting room and head towards the kitchen, turn right at living room and enter. walk through living room to dinning room and enter. Turn left and head to front door. Exit the house and stop on porch.
Go straight and turn right in front of the towards the 3 wicker decorations. Go straight down the hallway, enter the doorway, and wait.
Walk towards the stairs.  Walk down the stairs and stop midway on the stairs.
Leave the bedroom and take the first right into a hallway. Take a right at the end of the hall and enter the foyer. Stop before you reach the mirror.
Go straight pas the couches and the fireplace on the right. Go through the double doors. Turn right and pass the couches. Go into the room on the right. Wait near the round table and chairs with the white flower in the table.
Turn right and walk forward to exit out the door to the right beside the refrigerator.  Once out walk forward down the hallway and keep walking until you pass the stairs to the left. Once you pass the stairs, enter the next room to the left and stop behind the first chair.
Face the hanging light to the right of the counter with a sink. Travel straight through the archway that does not lead to the stairs. Keep going until you are in the doorway of the room at the end of the hallway.
Walk to the oven, turn left, walk to the lattice gate, turn right, enter the office, wait at the desk.
Exit the bedroom. Go to the next bedroom on the left. Go to the foot of the bed. Go into the closet across from the blue bed.
Leave through the second door on the left. Go down the stairs, and stop on the second stair down.
Exit the area though the double arched doors nearest you and continue forward into the bathroom ahead of you. After entering the bathroom, go to the right into the small room with the toilet.
Leave the bedroom and take a right and walk into the pantry. Walk through the pantry and kitchen towards the dining room. Stop before you reach the table.
Turn right and walk toward the stairs.  Turn right and wait near the lamp before you get to the stairs.
Go down the hallway opposite the roped off circle in the floor through the brown double doors, take a few steps into the dining room and stop.
Walk past the embroidered ottoman the right. Walk past the bottom of the stairs on the left. Wait at the wooden stick leaning on the frame of the french doors.
Turn to the left and walk past the couch and footstool.  Go to the hallway and turn right.  And walk down past the galley kitchen, towards a table and chairs area.  Stop and wait there before you get to the table.
Go straight into the atrium, turn right and go passed the stairs into the next hallway. Go straight into the bedroom and stop at the corner of the rug.
Go up the stairs. Wait beside the support pillar for the stairs.
Walk between the the kitchen counter and the couch and down the hall. Stop near the mirror that is hanging on the left side of the hallway.
Turn right and go straight past the table and chairs. Wait at the kitchen entrance.
Walk down the hallway to the end. Turn left into the laundry room and wait in the doorway.
Go straight until you pass the mustard colored couches and then stop near the kitchen bar with the orange stools.
Turn right into hall, walk straight into the kitchen, stop at refrigerator.
Turn around and walk up the stairs to the landing. Walk into the room on the left that has the two sofas.
Walk out of the washroom past the double closet doors and walk into the next room. Walk into the kitchen area and continue along the counter tops past the sink. Continue through the open door at the end of the counter tops.
Exit the room and head right. When you get to frame of the teddy bear with balloons that says "Welcome" in the wall turn right. Head straight into that room and wait by the bed.
Walk straight past the kitchen and dining room to the sliding glass door. Open the sliding door and step outside. Wait by the outdoor dining table.
Enter the pool room, walk up the steps on the left and into the room on the right. Wait next to the massage table.
Walk away from the grill, and into the house the other direction. Take a right in the hall, and go past the kitchen. Enter the dining room with the round table, and stop in front of the console table.
Turn left, go forward out of the kitchen, turn right and go forward through the dining and living rooms, take a hard right through the door and wait there.
Walk up the stairs and keep going up when you get to the landing.  Stop on the second step from the very top.
Walk through the room along the red carpet area and down the middle of the room past the desk and chairs against the wall and towards the door on the other end of the room. Stop in the doorway.
Take a left and take a right at the doll hutch. Walk into the bedroom and take a left. Walk into the bathroom and wait in front of the sink.
Go straight into the living room. Turn left and go through the door. Then turn left again and go down the stairs. stop before going outside.
walk  through the doorway on the right side of the bed, walk straight past decorative cabinet on your left, continue through doorway and stop on hardwood floor.
Walk towards large red table and chairs. Go slightly right, pass through doorway.
Walk straight and to the right of the table and through the doorway. Wait in front of the bench.
turn right and walk past wood table, turn right at the doorway, turn left down the hallway, turn right and stop behind plush chair.
Take a right at the large clock and travel straight through the kitchen, when you see the thermostat on the wall you are right next to the washroom.
Head down first flight of stairs and at landing turn right to go down next second flight of stairs. At landing of second flight of stairs veer to the right and turn right into first door way. Stop just inside of doorway.
Walk counter clockwise around the big table in the kitchen.  Stop at the corner of the table on the far right from where you started.
Walk in the direction of the refrigerator, and take a left. Exit through the door next to the refrigerator. Enter the hallway and stop.
Turn and walk out of the room into the hallway. Walk down the flight of steps ahead towards the lower level of the home. Walk down the steps towards the next platform with a rug on the ground. Continue down the next flight of stairs to the bottom.
Go down the stairs. When you get to the next floor turn right and continue going down the stairs. Go down two steps then stop.
Walk past the kitchen and enter the hallway.  Turn right  at the artwork and wait by the closet.
Walk forward, and make a left, then wait at dinning room door entrance.
Go out of the room you're in.  Turn left.  Go poast the dining room and into the living room.  Wait right by the coffee table.
Walk down the staircase until you reach the bottom floor. Wait near the first open door.
With the red ropes to your right, walk down the room on the red carpet past the display.  Turn left when another red carpet meets the one you are on in a right angle.  Stop on the carpet where these two directions of carpet meet.
Go through the double doors and follow the rose colored carpet to the next doorway. Stop just before going through and wait there.
Go out the second door on the left. Turn right and go down the stairs. Wait on the third step to the bottom.
Exit the bedroom then go straight until you get to an arch. Go right on the arch and wait in that hallway.
Walk towards the kitchen area. Keep walking along the kitchen area towards the doorway. Turn right and exit the kitchen area walking across the small living room area and into the bedroom to you left.
Turn around and go to the staircase. Go around the stairs to the left and stop in the bedroom.
Leave bathroom and go down hall, turn left and stop at stairs.
Walk into the  nearest open double doors to the dining area that has a cupboard and candle lamps on top. Walk passed the dining table and through the open double doors on the other side that lead outside. Walk through the next set of double doors on the other side of the front entrance and back into the home.
Go through the dining room, past the table. Turn right and go through the door onto the patio. Continue straight across the patio and wait at the door.
Walk toward the cock and go left past the mirror. Walk to the left of the bed and into the closet and stop.
Walk across the hall, through the bedroom and stop inside the en suite bathroom.
Walk outside the room, and walk directly into the room on your left. Stop once your standing between the closet and the plant.
Go out of the bedroom into the hall  Go to the bedroom door to the right  Face the bed.
Exit the closet. Turn right. Go straight and then when you get to the double doors turn right. Wait near the sink.
walk through the doorway to the left of the small table with two chairs, walk straight down past art on your right, turn left and stop in the doorway.
Go up the stairs on the left and and continue to the doorway on the right. Enter in to the room and stop.
Walk through the open double doorway next to the long wooden table. Continue straight back inside through the next doorway. Once inside, in the room with the round table and four chairs, go stand in the first doorway on the right.
Go straight and up both sets of stairs. Go into the last room on the right and stop by the plant.
Exit the room then go straight and turn left. Go straight until you pass an eye chart picture frame on the left wall then wait there.
Turn until you're facing the red carpet that creates a path for tourists to walk on. Then move forward passing a couple of chairs on your right until you pass through a double door opening and the carpet takes an approximately thirty degree turn to the right. Stop just after the carpet makes that turn.
Walk up the three stairs to exit the room.  Walk straight ahead up three more steps, and take the second door on the right.  Stop after your pass through that door.
Turn around and walk towards the bookshelf. Once you reach the bookshelf turn right and walk down the hallway to the end and turn right. Stop at when you reach the narrow table.
Walk down the stairs and go to the room on the right and wait in the doorway of the bathroom.
Leave the bathroom and turn right.  Walk straight until you enter the kitchen area and stop in front of the island counter.
Walk out of the living room into the hallway. Take the first right, and walk straight. Stop on the rug in the office and stand in front of the bookshelf.
Walk straight across room to hall next to bench. Turn slight left into room at left and stop at table.
Walk through the dining room into the area with the tiled floor and exit sign.
Walk down stairs.  Walk down second set of stairs. stop at doorway.
Enter the bedroom.  Turn left and exit the bedroom through the door.  Wait by stairs.
Turn left. Turn right when you get to the glass panels. Wait next to the table with the book, purse, and hat on it.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk straight passing the gray couch and stop near the rug.
Move past the bed into the hallway. Go past the bookcase and wait in the doorway of the other bedroom.
Exit the bathroom, and take a right turn. Keep walking to the place with a clock hanging on the wall, and then make a hard left into a bedroom. Wait at the bedroom.
Turn to face potted plant. Turn right. Walk out of double doors. Turn left. Walk forward. Stop between stairs and mirror.
Head into the kitchen. Go through the kitchen and out to the living room. Pass the beige couches and turn right into the exercise room and wait by the treadmill.
Turn around facing room with chandelier. Go through hallway between island and stove, walk to the left, towards first dining room, then through there towards second dining room. Take a few steps then stop at the rug.
Exit the room using the second door on you right. Head straight until you see a door on the right. Wait near that door.
walk towards top of the stairs, walk past stairs and turn right, walk through doorway turn right and stop once you walk through two glass doors.
Go straight along on the pillars keeping to the right of them until you're passed the long wooden block, then turn right to go behind the block and then go straight and stop between the last and second to last book stand.
Go ahead, through the kitchen area and stop after entering the last doorway.
walk towards fireplace, walk on the left side of the brown couch, turn right after couch, turn left after four person table and stop in front of barstools.
Exit the room. Turn right and go straight until you get to three vases. Continue straight and go up four steps of the stairs on the right.
Exit the bathroom and enter the hallway. Walk forward until you reach the end of the banister on your right. Turn to the right. Once again, turn to your right and descend two stair steps then stop and wait in the middle of the second step.
Walk into and through the kitchen. Stop next to the long wooden dining table.
Go down the hallway towards the stairwell. Stop at their base in front of the front door.
Go down the stairs and take a right and stop in the hallway before you are under the star chandelier.
Turn right down the hallway and enter the last room on the left.  Stop after entering the bedroom.
Walk past the bed and out the door to exit the bedroom. Once out the bedroom, you will find two doors in front of you. Walk towards the door on the left and you will find yourself at the entrance of a bedroom; that is your destination.
Go down the narrow hall and wait at the doorway of the bathroom with the large tub.
Walk out of the kitchen, past the oven, past the sofas towards the fireplace.  Stop at the doorway facing towards the next sitting room facing the dining room table.
Turn right and go down the long hall. Turn left toward the bar. Turn right into the kitchen and stop by the fridge.
Exit the bedroom and turn left, past the bathroom. Continue through the short hallway, past the washroom and pantry. Wait in the intersection with the long hallway, in between the low shelf and table.
Exit the room by the smaller of the two doorways.  Turn right and go down the stairs.  At the landing, turn right, and go half way down the second flight of stairs.  Stop there.
With the stairs leading downwards to your immediate right, move forward into the bedroom. Upon entering the bedroom, go left and enter the dressing area towards your left near the head of the bed. Counting counter-wise with the door to the immediate left of the opening to the bedroom being number one, go to the third door which will allow you access to the toilet.
Walk forward along the pink rug, between the ropes, through the room.  Stop in the doorway across the room.
With the storage lockers to your right, exit the garage via the door that's ahead of you and against the right hand wall. After exiting the garage, turn right ninety degrees and move forward until arched doorway is to your immediate right.
Walk through the kitchen area past the sink and stove top. Pass the two bar stools tucked under the counter and turn the corner at the end of the counter top. Walk through the hall and turn into the first open door in the corner that leads to a bedroom with a large opening to the outside.
Exit the sitting room and turn left. Take the first turn to the right.Go straight and then turn left at the shelf. Walk into the first door on the right.
Walk down the stairs and take a right to go down the next flight of stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the bathroom, enter the bedroom, exit the bedroom to the hallway, wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk out of the bedroom through the open door into the hallway. Turn the corner and walk into the dining area. Pass the dining table and walk  into the living room area towards the television. Stop near the chair and open sliding doors to outside.
Turn around and walk across the patio to the other side. Stop on the other side of the white table facing the yard and the brick wall.
Turn right at the post and walk forward alongside the glass doors on the left. Wait in front of the pool table.
Walk through the kitchen passing the fridge on the left. Turn left at the hall then turn left again. Wait in the room on the right.
Turn right at  stairs and go down them. Stop between the bathroom and laundry rooms.
Walk around the long dining table and chairs.  At the opposite end of the table, turn left and stop when you are standing directly underneath the stairs.
Go through living room, through the door on the to the right, through the den, through the dining to, to the outdoor foyer. Stop before going outside.
Go straight and go up the stairs to your right. Go up nine steps then stop.
Walk to the foyer and go up the stairs on the right. Stop once you have gone up eight stairs.
Head down the stairs from the loft, then head towards the doors that are ahead and slightly to the right from the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the room through the door on the right. Walk past the stairs and the bathroom and enter the room with the cardboard boxes. Stop by the doorway on the left that leads to the living room.
Walk up the stairs and take a right. Turn right and wait in the TV room.
Walk past the kitchen counter and sofa area towards the next room ahead. Walk through the entry and down the hall passing a shelf and room with couches. Turn the corner and walk down the hall past a picture with letters on it. Walk into the room at the end of the hall that has wall paper with stereos on it and a desk area with a stereo on top.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway.
After you leave the bathroom make a left and then make another left to get to the bedroom. Now walk into the bedroom on the left side and wait just past the door.
With the stairs leading upwards behind you and to your right, exit the room though the doorway ahead of you, then turn left. Continue forward, descending three steps and exit through the doorway ahead of you. Descend three more steps and then stop.
Go forward one meter Go to the chairs Go to the steps Go to the endtable Go to the tan door.
Go straight and then turn left. Go passed the railing of the stairs towards the jugs. Then turn left and stop in the double french doors.
Go through the door way and down the hallway, turning left at the end looking into a bedroom with a gray throw on the bed.
Exit the room. Walk straight until you get to pass the stairs. Turn left and go into the room at the end of the hallway. Turn right and wait there.
Exit and the bathroom and turn left.  Walk past the white rug and into the bedroom. Stop at the nightstand with the round clock and the lamp by the bed.
Go down the stairs and turn right then wait by the glass doors that lead to the patio.
Turn left and wait by the beaded doorway at the end of the pool.
Turn around and walk across the patio to the other side. Stop on the other side of the white table facing the yard and the brick wall.
Walk from bathroom into bedroom. Walk out of bedroom into hallway. Walk into bedroom. Wait next to open bedroom door.
Turn left at the lamp. Wait next to the beige chairs and the double glass doors.
Position yourself so that the red carpet leads to a bed with curtains.  Walk straight towards this bed and stop in the doorway of the room and then stop.
Turn right and go into the hallway.  Turn left and go down the hall.  When you get to a doorway, turn right and go towards the entrance door.  Stop by the entrance table and mirror.
Exit the room, walk pass the stairs and through the doorway on the left. Wait next to the chair on the left.
Walk out of the work out room to the living room and turn left. Head straight into the kitchen and turn right. Please wait by the small glass dinning room table.
Go straight through the wine room and pass through the open gated glass door. Turn sharply left and go through the open door on your left. Wait just outside the door on the rug.
Go up stairs. Turn left and wait by wooden beam.
Go all the way down the hall until you see a white vase and then make a left. Following that, make a left directly into the bathroom which will be the first door on the left and wait there.
Walk to the far end of the lobby and wait under the exit sign.
Turn right and go down the hallway then turn left.Pass the chair on the left and turn right into the kitchen. Wait near the fridge.
Face sink and turn right.  Exit the room through the door. Turn right  and walk between chairs and couch. Stop near round table.
Leave the bathroom, and take a left in the hallway. Enter the bedroom on the right next the double doors. Stop in the doorway to the closet.
Walk forward toward the stairs. Enter the living area on the right. Wait there.
From the end of the hallway at the starting point, go down the path to the left into the kitchen. Keep going straight out of the kitchen and continue to the left a bit and stop at the dining table.
With the doll display case on your right, go through the arched opening into the bedroom and then continue forward until you can enter the bathroom towards your left.
take the stairs then head for the kitchen. stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk through the living room around the backside of the couches. Walk into the kitchen area and walk along the barstools and countertop. Continue ahead towards the arched entryway that leads to a hall beside the stairs.
Leave the bathroom, and the bedroom. Enter the bedroom on the far left in the hall. Stop in the doorway.
Walk through the bathroom, take a right and walk through the kitchen.Take a right out of the kitchen and walk down the hall. Stop once you leave the hall way.
Walk up the steps and go left. Walk left past the beam and stop by the chair.
Turn slightly left and walk forwards past the table and straight past the double doors that lead outside. Proceed straight through the right side arched passageway that leads into the kitchen. Walk past the kitchen island and towards the oven. Turn right at the oven and take the first left through the arched passageway that leads to the long hallway. Stop when you are just inside this hallway and standing just underneath the archway.
Walk straight through the doors and wait in the hall.
You need to walk down the stairs and when you get to the landing go to the last door on the right. Once you go inside the doorway of the bathroom wait.
Turn around and walk into the room with the pool. Walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk past windows and turn right, then turn left in kitchen, turn right at the counter, walk to the living room and wait at the entrance.
Walk out of the room and go past the stairs and into the bedroom that is straight ahead, go to the bathroom doorway and wait there.
Walk into the kitchen between the counters and enter the living room. Take a right into the fitness room on the right. Stop at the back edge of the treadmill.
Walk through the dining room into the area with the tiled floor and exit sign.
Turn left and stop just passed the doorway straight ahead.
Walk through the open double doorway next to the long wooden table. Continue straight back inside through the next doorway. Once inside, in the room with the round table and four chairs, go stand in the first doorway on the right.
Enter the open door opposite the stairs to go down. Make a right just before the round bedside table. Walk through the closet. Wait at the toilet.
Walk forward, and make a left, then wait at dinning room door entrance.
Turn around. Walk down the long hallway until you reach the room with the red canopy bed.
Go straight until you exit the room and go outside. Continue going straight to go inside again then turn right and wait at the entrance to the kitchen.
Walk into the kitchen area. Walk by the sink and oven. Walk straight into the hallway. turn right into the little room. Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop by the corner of the bed.
Turn right and exit the kitchen and enter the hallway with the stairs.  Walk around the stair well and enter the laundry room.
Go up to the top of the staircase and stand at the top.
Facing the clock turn left, at the intersection turn right, before the bookshelves turn right, at the intersection turn left and turn into the doorway and stop.
Walk into the kitchen and past the refrigerator. Turn right and cross the hallway. Stop in front of the table.
Walk forward into the sitting room ahead. Once in, turn left and walk through the doorway. Once through, turn left and walk to the bottom of the steps. Stop once you reach the door at the bottom.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and then turn right. Turn left and go into the other bathroom. Wait near the sink.
While facing the two chairs and small table turn left. Walk straight into the next room. Follow the ropes and carpet around the room and to the right. Stop near the bedroom door.
Go to the edge of the platform near the grass and turn right. Continue until you are at the dark brick wall.
Turn right passed the stairs and pass the couch. Enter the dining room. Continue down the hall and stop in the kitchen.
walk across living room, at hallway on the right turn right and go down, Turn right at first door, enter pantry and stop in the middle of counter.
Go straight then turn right and exit the hallway onto the kitchen/dining/living room. Wait near the couches straight ahead.
After you leave the grill area and are in the sitting room make a left and go through the doorway. Now walk past the couch and wait by the chair at the bar.
Travel up the stairs on right past the fridge, move down the hallway until the bottom on the stairwell, take a right towards the bathroom and wait just beyond the stairs.
Go stand underneath the stairs, next to the liquor shelf.
Walk through the TV room. Go to the door to the outside area that is on the left side Stop to the right of the door.
Turn left and exit the bedroom. Turn left and go in to the kitchen. Turn right and wait next to the counter.
Turn left and walk across the kitchen hallway. When you get to a more open area, turn slight right and walk past the bedroom, then stop in the door of the second bedroom.
Enter the dining room through the closest doorway. Follow the red carpet around to the right. Head through the doorway directly ahead. Wait by the rug.
Go out of the bedroom into the hall  Go to the bedroom door to the right  Face the bed.
Walk into the hallway with a long end table and three pictures on the wall. Walk past the basket filled with balls. Go through the right archway into the kitchen. Walk past the table and bookshelf. Enter the bathroom and exit through the far door. Stop inside the gym.
Leave the closet, and walk out of the bedroom. Stop once you exit the bedroom door.
Go left and go through the first arch on the right then turn left and stop by the sink.
Walk through the kitchen and take the first left just past it. Then go and stop in the doorway of the small room with the sink.
Turn around and exit the room. Leave through the hallway and pass the painting. Turn left and exit the hallway. Turn left and stop.
Exit the room. Turn left then turn left again. Stand at the entrance.
Go straight past the pool. Walk between the bar and chairs.  Stop when you get to the corner of the bar.  That's where you will wait.
Go in the bedroom on the left. Turn left and go past the bed and exit the bedroom past the mannequin. Turn right and wait at the top of the stairs.
Turn left then walk down the hallway.  Then turn right and enter the den.  Then walk through the bath room and enter the exercise room.
Leave the living room and take the first left into the hall. Take a left past the stairs and walk down a hallway. take the first right in the hall and enter the art room. Stop inside the art room next tot he door.
Go through the doors at the far end of the room and wait in the doorway to the left.
Walk into the hall ahead. Walk down the flight of stairs with an iron railing. Continue to the bottom of the stairs and stop near the bench at the bottom next to a closed door.
Walk out of the hallway and turn left. Walk down the steps and through the wooden doors. Walk down the steps and stop.
Walk toward the end table with the mirror on the wall.  Continue walking straight past the sitting area towards the pots on display.  Walk past the pots and the staircase and go through the archway on your left.  Stop in front of  the doorway that leads to another room.
Exit through the door to the right. Walk by the bathroom and through another door into the landing. Go all the way up the stairs. Wait there.
Walk forward up the two set of three stairs.  Enter the room at the end of the hallway.Walk to the massage table, and stop.
Go forward toward the mirrors. Exit the bedroom area through the door directly ahead. Enter the hallway, and turn left. Go toward the indoor dining table. Stop there.
Walk down the path with the informational sign to your right. Stop in the doorway where the red carpet ends.
Exit the room. Turn left. Go straight until you pass the stairs. Pass the two first chairs one on each side and then turn right. Wait near the glass table with the white chairs.
Walk out of the room and turn right. Turn right at the stairs and walk into the bedroom. Turn left and take another left at the nightstand. Wait in the doorway next to the nightstand.
Turn around, walk past the first door, turn right into the second door, and walk forward through the door.
Walk across the room, keeping the railing on your left.  Once you reach the sitting area, stop in front of the abacus on the right side of the first stuffed chair.
Walk straight through the doorway, take a sharp right through the next doorway and then walk straight until you've reached the bedroom, then stop.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and then turn right to exit the room. Wait in the hallway.
Go past the kitchen island and turn left.  Go through the kitchen and stop when the antique scale is on the left.
Walk past the kitchen and go behind the couch and take a right into the fitness room. Stop next to the treadmill.
Take a left, and leave the library. Walk straight, and take the last right. Go up the stairs, and stop on the third stair.
Go down the stairs. Turn right and continue down another set of steps and go straight. Stop in front of the doors to the bathroom and laundry rooms.
Exit the stairway area through the single door. Turn left, go down the steps and through the double doors ahead. Continue forward down another set of steps. Wait by the reception desk.
With the sliding glass door behind you, head out of the room and take a quick dog leg to the left. Go past the kitchen, then turn right and stand between the kitchen and the couch.
Leave the bathroom and go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs take a right, and another right into the living room. Stop next to the coffee table.
Go down the hallway to the right. Keep going until the end of the hall, then enter the dining room. Stop a few steps before the dining table.
Go past a display case, through a hallway with an eye chart, into the waiting area, and stop in front of a light beige couch with six pillows.
Turn around and go passed the refridgerator. Turn right and go through the door. Stop near the large table.
Walk across the room and stop next to the door going outside, near the stairs.
Leave the art room an take a left. Go past the stairs and take a right into the kitchen Stop in the kitchen with the wine fridge on your left.
Turn and walk out of the room into the hallway. Walk down the flight of steps ahead towards the lower level of the home. Walk down the steps towards the next platform with a rug on the ground. Continue down the next flight of stairs to the bottom.
Go up the first set of stairs. At the landing go up the first two stairs on the second set and stop.
Go out the door nearest to the microwave and turn right. Go into the living room. Go through the kitchen until you see the dining room. Go into the dining room.
Go straight, walk past the double doors.  Keep walking into the kitchen area.  Walk past the island.  Go straight until you come to the hallway.  Stop there and wait.
Walk towards the kitchen, and take a left down the path between the kitchen and the gray couch. Take a right on your first door on the right, and stop between the two doorways.
Walk behind the couch and turn right. Walk forward and wait near the dining table.
Turn left and walk past the counter top. Turn left and walk forward. Stop by the last stool and the counter.
Walk down the hallway through the arched doorway. Walk into the kitchen area. Walk through the doorway into teh dining room area passing by the stove. Walk into the living room are towards the fireplace stopping near the couches.
Walk out of the living room past the couches. Go straight into the dining room and a stop behind the second chair on the left.
Turn around and walk up the stairs to the landing. Walk into the room on the left that has the two sofas.
Walk to the opposite side of bed.  Wait by white bear rug on the floor.
Turn to your left and exit the room out of the door beside the wooden drawers. Once out of the room walk across the small area and through the next entry way on the left. Stop inside the room before you get to the doors leading outside.
Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk to the right of the mirrored closet and stop in the hallway.
Turn right at large painting, follow red carpet straight to doorway on the left. Stop in doorway.
Walk past the refrigertor, turn right and walk up the stairs, stop just before the bannister of the stairs on your right.
Walk towards the sink, then turn left into the open door.  Walk through the bedroom and out of wooden door.  Wait by the doll case in the hallway.
Turn to your right and walk down the hallway past the piano to the end. Turn left when you reach the dresser drawers and stop in the doorway.
Exit this bedroom and travel to the one that is next door.
Pass between the two couches, and to an open area, then turn towards the stairway.  Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk out the door left of the bed.  Walk to staircase and walk down one set of steps.  Wait by door.
Go out of the bedroom and past the stairs.  Turn left after the stairs and stop in the bedroom doorway .
Move forward into the kitchen, take the first door on the right, move forward past the sink and counter top, enter the hallway to the right of the oven.
Walk away from the fireplace, past the table. Go through the door and up the stairs. Go past the first landing. Stop on the second stair up from the landing.
Turn and walk down the hallway until you reach the 4th door to the right. This is the door right before entering the kitchen. Stop so you are in the hallway centered on the door.
Walk past the two beds and the bathroom doorway. Walk down the open hallway and stop by the wooden armoire.
Walk straight and then turn left and go between the couch and kitchen counter. Enter the next room and stop at the corner of the first white couch and wait.
Go straight through the kitchen then turn right and head down the hall then turn right and head all the way down into the bedroom. Wait at the entrance.
turn right, go past the couch, past the back of the brown chair, turn right toward the pool table, turn right toward the love seat.
Walk past closet doors. Walk through kitchen. Wait at dining room table.
Enter the room. Turn slightly right and walk straight to enter the other room using the door on the far right. Wait at the entrance.
Walk toward the stairs to the second floor. Go around the stairs into the living room. Take a right and go into the dining room. Stop next to the first chair you pass.
Go to the far end of the hall. Wait outside the dining room archway.
Walk to the other end of the cabinet. Continue going straight until you see a door on the left. Go through the door, and enter the bathroom.
Walk to the back of the couch and stop at the pool table.
Exit the bedroom and enter another bedroom straight ahead, next to the table. Wait there.
Go down the stairs and take a right. Go down the hall that runs along the stairs. Take the second right past the stairs. Enter the bedroom and stop in the doorway.
Walk next to the first white chair on its right side, walk straight towards the older floral chair, take a right towards the stairs and stop.
Walk down the stairs, at the landing enter the second doorway on the left. Wait near the bookshelf.
Turn to the right and go down the stairs. Wait near the bottom stair.
Go down the path on the left towards the large dining room. Enter and go down the red carpet on the right side of the room, stopping at the door leading into another room.
Turn right, and walk a bit, and turn left. Walk towards the black chairs, and turn right. Stop in front of the refrigerator.
Walk straight then talk a right at the window and wait by the pool table.
Leave the bedroom and take a right and walk into the pantry. Walk through the pantry and kitchen towards the dining room. Stop before you reach the table.
Turn left outside of the room and walk out toward the hall and out through the doorway. Walk up  the two stairs toward the bath with the chairs on the left.
Head into the kitchen. Go through the kitchen and out to the living room. Pass the beige couches and turn right into the exercise room and wait by the treadmill.
Go along the brown table towards the china display, turn left before the display and stop near the brown post.
Go forward past the bed and the stairs. Stop in the doorway straight ahead.
Walk down the hallway. Wait in front of the next set of doors.
Turn to the right walk into the choir loft. Walk  down to the last music stand and wait.
go through the far hallway, make a left go straight and wait by the bookshelf.
Go down the stairs and straight down the hall. Veer right into the living room and walk into the kitchen. In the kitchen stop behind the chair on the right at the first black table.
Walk past the white marble bust on a pedestal to the right. Make a left at the barricade stanchion to the left. Wait at the fire extinguisher on the floor the left.
Go towards the oven, go straight through the archway and then straight into the second archway, take a step in and stop.
Walk through the opening between the kitchen and the dining room. Turn right, go through the doorway and stop next to the closet with the yellow pillow on the shelf.
Take a right at the large clock and travel straight through the kitchen, when you see the thermostat on the wall you are right next to the washroom.
Enter the door to the left of the globe.  Walk forward and continue down the corridor.  Continue straight until you reach a circular design on the floor.  Wait here.
Go toward the stairs. Turn into the room just before the stairs and stop in the doorway.
Walk out of the dining room and into the door between the dining room and kitchen. In the hall take a right into a bedroom and stop outside of the closet door.
Go out the second door on the left. Turn right and go down the stairs. Wait on the third step to the bottom.
Go past table and cabinet. Stop just after chairs.
Exit room with fireplace, turn right and go down stairs, turn right and go down stairs again, stop at base of stairs.
Exit the bedroom through the white double doors, go passed the stairs on the left, and turn left after the railing, into the single white doorway on the left and then stop.
Leave the bathroom and closet. Exit the bedroom and take a right. Enter the room on the right and stop in the doorway.
Walk through the room along the red carpet area and down the middle of the room past the desk and chairs against the wall and towards the door on the other end of the room. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the closet. Walk past the drapery on the right. Wait at the threshold of the bedroom door.
Walk forward along red carpet. Stop at the fire extinguisher.
Go down the hall towards the eye chart.  Keep walking past it on your left, and a sitting area on your right. Stop when you get to a long dining table.
Walk through the bathroom and into the bedroom.  Walk to the foot of the bed and turn right.  Walk straight down the hallway until you go through the door.  Stop just outside in front of the black and white swirly framed artwork.
Exit dining room, walk towards the front door, go up stair case, turn right, stop in the doorway to bedroom.
Walk past the table and chairs. Walk past the bar with the stools. After you pass that turn left and wait near the two white couches and the coffee table.
Walk out of the room and through the door on the right. Walk across the hall and into the room on the left. Turn right and stop in front of the animal head sculpture.
Walk through the open door to the right of the boxes on the floor. Walk past the bathroom on the left. Walk down the stairs to the left. Wait on the area rug on the stair landing.
Go down four stairs. Go down three stairs. Go to the wood bench. Go to the flower vase. Go to the round wood doorway. Go to the dining table.
walk straight through the double wood doors, follow the red carpet straight to the next doorway and stop where the carpet splits off.
Go straight into the hall. Turn right and walk straight until you go into another room. Wait there.
Walk through the kitchen and into the hallway on the left by the refrigerator. And wait in the room across the hall.
Walk in the direction of the stairs. Take a right into the room at the end of the stairs. Stop once you are in the dining room.
Move to the right towards the open doorway and continue forward to the fireplace. Wait near the fireplace.
Exit the room using the left arch then pass the couches and the fireplace and go out the door on the left then turn right and wait by the barbecue.
Walk to the foyer and go up the stairs on the right. Stop once you have gone up eight stairs.
Turn around and exit the kitchen. Turn right and then another right to enter into the bedroom. Wait in the bedroom doorway.
GO slightly to the right and walk past the table.  You'll go into the other room, turn right and then past the big diadem circle tile, past the stairs, and then to the right.  Enter the hallway by the mirror and wait.
Leave the bedroom and take a right . Veer left and enter the living room ahead. Take a right in the living room, and enter the dining room.  Stop on the left of the first dining chair.
Exit the bathroom and turn right to walk out of the bedroom.  Walk to the top of the stairs and stop on the third step down.
Exit the room. Turn left and then turn left again. Go into the room and past the bed. Turn left into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Leave the room, cross the hall and wait in the room next to the stairs.
Take the leftmost door. Walk past the large painting to your left. Take a left and wait in the doorway.
Take a left and take a right at the doll hutch. Walk into the bedroom and take a left. Walk into the bathroom and wait in front of the sink.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and walk toward the room. When you get to the bed turn right and go out the door on the right. Turn left and go down five steps.
turn around and go straight to the doorway and then go up the stairs by the tripod and stop right on the second step/.
Go down the hallway and turn right on the second door. Go straight through the door ahead and wait there.
Go straight and exit the room using the arch ahead. Turn left and go straight past the couches. Turn right and then turn left into the second arch. Wait near the kitchen.
Leave the fitness room and take a left in the living room. Walk forward into the kitchen and stop between the wall with the light switch, and the island.
Talk through the double doors into the room with the small fountain and the chandelier. Then make a left near the stairs and walk into the dining room.
Exit the bathroom and enter the hallway. Walk forward until you reach the end of the banister on your right. Turn to the right. Once again, turn to your right and descend two stair steps then stop and wait in the middle of the second step.
walk through kitchen, turn right at bathroom, immediately left again and walk through doorway to bedroom and stop.
Turn around so your facing the fireplace wall. Move forward through the sitting area and wait near the desk.
Turn left. Wait in between the table and chairs on the right and the couches.
Enter the first bedroom on the right and wait in the en suite bathroom.
Exit dinning area passing the stove, stop in front of stairs.
Walk towards the black couch, and walk between the couch and the counter.  Go straight down the hallway and passed the sitting area on the left.  Continue straight. Stop by the small table and large mirror hanging on the wall.
Walk to the right of the table past the oven. Walk right out the door and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk straight until you get to a white pot with flowers. Turn left and wait near the bottom of the stairs.
Walk up steps across patio and enter the house through the slider. Walk across living room and stop at kitchen.
Go up the staircase to the next floor and take a left before the woven basket, to the double doors. Wait at the entrance to the office, by the large table.
Head diagonally through the kitchen, stop at the edge of the kitchen table, turn left and stop in the middle of the room near a vase on the floor.
Exit the closet, turn right and Exit the bedroom, turn right,  go straight to the end of the bed, turn right, stop outside the bathroom door.
Continue up the stairs and wait inside the gym.
Go to the left of the living area, and continue past it. Take a right and go to the pool table.
Take a right down the hall and go forward. Take a right and enter the pantry, then left into the bathroom, and through the bathroom into the fitness room. Stop once you enter the fitness room.
Walk into the room with the pool and head to the left. Walk along the side of the pool and walk up the two steps at the end. Wait at the end of the pool.
Turn left and walk past the stairs. Turn left once you pass the stairs and walk to the end of the hallway. Turn right and stop in the doorway of the double white doors.
Go down the roped hallway opposite the bedroom and go into the doorway on the other side of the room and stop.
Exit the bathroom, wait at the white rug in the hallway.
Turn around and go down the stairs. Turn right at the bottom of the stairs and then go into the room with the rug and the table. Stop here.
Walk out of the bathroom and through the closet. Stop by the bed.
go straight and make a sharp left then go towards the living room where you will see a photo frame of the nyc skyline.
Exit the room and walk straight through the next open door. Continue straight through the kitchen until you reach the wooden table. Wait here.
Walk up the stairs ahead. Enter the massage room and wait next to the massage table.
Turn right to walk through the right doorway. Walk through the left doorway. Stop at the entrance to the dining room.
Exit bedroom through arch doorway.  Enter the room to the left.  Wait by door.
Go straight and out the room. Turn right and go straight. Pass the bar with the stools/chairs and the couches. Continue straight until you get to a round table and chairs.
Walk towards the hallway to the left of the refrigerator. Keep walking straight and wait by the wooden table with some white appliances to the right.
Walk past hall table. Walk into bedroom. Make left at table clock. Wait at bathroom door threshold.
Turn right, walk straight through the arched door way, continue straight stop beside the bed.
Turn left just beyond staircase railing to enter hallway.  Walk past painting on the wall.  Turn right.  Walk into room with circle rug.  Wait here.
Go to the stairs Go to the Buck's Country Go to the footstool Go to the semiround chair Go to the right four metres Go to the pool table.
Walk up the stairs, then make a slight left, walking toward another set of stairs. Stop by the base of the stairs.
Walk out the door and down the hall. Turn left at the second hall and walk all the way down. Turn left and wait by the couch.
Walk through the doorway with paintings of men on either side.  Wait here, next to pots on floor.
Walk straight into the kitchen, take a left, and stop after the archway.
Walk straight through the kitchen. Turn slightly right to continue walking straight down the hallway. Turn right and wait near the entrance of the second room on the left.
Go up the stairs and stop at the top in front of a mirror.
Go straight and then turn left. Go passed the railing of the stairs towards the jugs. Then turn left and stop in the double french doors.
Put the stairs behind you, and walk through the door in front of you. Turn left, and walk through that door. Go straight and stand just next to the pool.
Go down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs go into the library which is the second room on the right. Stop on the rug close to the books on the shelf.
Exit closet, and walk past bed. Walk out open bedroom door, and wait at top of stair landing.
Turn left and exit the room.  Cross the hall to the sitting room.  Turn left and enter the bedroom on your left.  Wait near the bed.
Leave the bathroom and go straight across through the pantry and kitchen Stop just past the counters in the kitchen.
Walk past the counters and exit the kitchen. Wait next to the landscape painting on the wall.
Exit the bedroom then go straight until you get to an arch. Go right on the arch and wait in that hallway.
Exit the bedroom. Start down the stairs and stop three steps down.
Go past the fireplace. Turn left and go through the door on the right. Go up two steps.
Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Turn left and turn left again and turn right into the bathroom after the white rug.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and walk towards the steps. At the large black steps, turn left and walk down the few small wood steps and stop at the bottom.
Walk through the doorway to your left, and stop as you pass through the door.
Go through the doorway to the bedroom and walk past the bed to the door on the right. Enter the bathroom and stop by the first sink.
Continue down the stairs.  You'll see a big starburst tile on the floor, turn right and go into the first doorway on the right.  There will be a big mirror in the room.  You'll stop and wait just inside this room.
Turn around and go passed the dining room table. Enter the doors next to the red chairs. Go down the hallway and enter the doors on the right.
leave sitting room and head towards the kitchen, turn right at living room and enter. walk through living room to dinning room and enter. Turn left and head to front door. Exit the house and stop on porch.
Walk past the table and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop.
With the desk on your left walk forward and out of this room. In the next room stop on the red rug just outside of the doorway you just left.
Turn around and exit out the door on the left. Walk all the way down until you reach the green steps. At the steps, turn right and enter the door to the left. Stop once you reach the table.
Move towards the table and down the hallway, with the table to your left. You'll be walking off the wood floor and on a red path. End promptly before the doorway where there is wood storage to the left hand size with a dark urn on top.
Walk into the dressing room and turn left. Walk into the bedroom. Turn right and walk past the bedroom to the door on the right. Go through the doorway and wait a few steps down the stairs.
Turn around and go straight into the kitchen. Go straight and stop by the table near the window.
Turn left after the couch. Walk into the sitting area on the left and wait there.
Continue down the wood staircase, turn right at the bottom and walk behind the two chairs toward the pool table. Turn right at the pool table and stop in front of the red chair with a brown leather foot stool.
Exit the bedroom and turn left into the doorway. Walk through the doorway on the right into the closet and proceed to the bathroom. Wait near the towel bar.
Go to your right passed the couch and the coffee table. Go to the pool table and then stop next to the window.
Walk down the stairs and take a right to go down the next flight of stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
With the grill/oven on your left, walk straight through to the room with the microwaves.  Walk straight through this room and out the door on the other side.  Stop after stepping through the door at the end.
Go through the archway to the right, and walk to the podium.
Turn around and exit the exercise room. Turn left and walk across the wooden hallway. Walk across the kitchen towards the doors the exit the house. Wait there.
Walk up all the stairs to the top, and stop at the second stair from the top.
Go down the wooden stairs. Wait by the doorway next to the wooden bench.
Walk forward, following the red carpet into the next room. Wait just inside that room.
Head inside through the sliding glass doors on the other end of the deck. Stop in the living room and wait near the arm chair.
Walk along the backside of the couches passed the hanging wall clock into the next room. Continue down the hallway passing the shelf with decorations below a mirror. Turn the corner and continue passed the hanging art piece that looks like an eye exam test.
Turn around and turn right in the doorway after the set of red chairs. Wait just outside this same doorway.
Walk down the flight of stairs to the lower level. Walk into the room ahead with the tile mosaic on the floor. Walk around the corner through the open arched door to the right with rug on the ground.
After you leave the bathroom make a left and then make another left to get to the bedroom. Now walk into the bedroom on the left side and wait just past the door.
Walk onto the platform on the right, pass two book stands. Wait between the second and the third.
Go down hallway towards the staircase. Go up the staircase and wait at the top.
Walk into the dining room and go back to the door across the room. Go through the door and wait.
Turn around and go through the archway. Turn to the left of the door and stop in the bathroom.
Walk forward, take a left around the corner and walk all the way to the end of the hallway, and stop at the door before the bedroom.
Turn around and go through the single door on the right.  Go down the hallway.  You'll go all the way into the room and stand on the rug and wait.
Face towards the outside patio table, and go just past the breakfast bar counter that is to the right.   Turn right, in  front of the countertop, and follow it all the way down to the other end.  Walk through the hallway until you see a familyroom just to the left. Wait there.
Turn around. Walk past the table on the right. Walk to the right out of the room. Turn left and walk towards the kitchen. Stop before the breakfast bar in the kitchen.
Walk towards the ovens and take a left. Walk towards the fireplace and enter the dining room to the right of the fireplace. Stop in front of the white chair.
leave massage room, turn left, head down the stairs into lobby area, move forward until you stop at edge of spa.
Walk past the stairs and into the bedroom. Walk by the nightstand, and turn left. Walk into the open door directly beside the bathroom door and wait.
Walk in front of the seats across the room and stop before the 6th seat from the left.
Enter the room, take the walkway to the right. Follow the pathway out of the room, stopping just after the doorway.
Walk through the bedroom and out into the hall way. Turn left and walk up to the stairs. Walk up to the first step and stop.
TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT AND WALK THROUGH THE DOOR TOWARDS THE BUTLERS PANTRY, WALK FORWARD INTO THE KITCHEN, AT THE END OF THE KITCHEN COUNTER TURN LEFT TOWARDS THE HALL,  WALK FORWARD THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR TO THE SINK.
go trough the doorway and take a hard left then walk straight towards the archway and then keep going until you are under the archway and then stop.
Walk through the dining room into the living room and take a left. Take a left at the stairs and walk forward along the hallway next to the stairs. At the end of the hall take a right into the art room. Stop once you enter the room.
Exit the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Exit the bedroom. Start down the stairs, Stop three steps down.
Turn around and continue through the door. Turn right and then turn left to follow the red carpet. Stop in the entryway.
Walk towards large red table and chairs. Go slightly right, pass through doorway.
Go out through the open yellow door to your right.
Turn left just past the stairs. Stop in the left doorway at the end of the hall.
walk out of the dining room, into the living room and take the first right into the recreation room. Stop between the door and the pool table.
Turn around and walk all the way through the next room. Enter the doorway straight ahead and stop once you enter and there are chairs on both sides of you.
Turn left and go down the steps on the right, wait at the end.
Walk on the pink carpet past the marble bust and stop in the doorway to the next room.
Turn right and walk to the cabinet in front of you. Turn right and walk forward out of the kitchen and into the next room. Walk behind the couch and then turn into the next room on your right. Stop at the doorway facing the exercise equipment.
Walk down the hallway past the painting and along the mirrored wall into the bedroom. Walk beside the bed and into the bathroom.  Wait inside the bathroom, next to the shower.
Leave the bedroom, and go straight ahead. Enter the bedroom straight ahead. Stop once you enter the bedroom.
Walk into the bedroom on the right of the stairs. Take a left before you reach the bed and wlk straight into the bathroom. Stop outside of the little room with the toilet.
Turn around and walk towards the large clock. Once you reach the clock, turn right and walk through the doorway. Once out, enter the doorway to the left of the bench. Walk forward and enter the entry way made out of wood. Stop once you reach the large table and chairs.
Walk toward the cock and go left past the mirror. Walk to the left of the bed and into the closet and stop.
Walk straight into the kitchen area. Turn left and exit the kitchen and stop there.
Walk straight through the living room towards the stairs.  Go to the right of the stairs towards the dining area and wait by the leather chair at the entry to the dining room.
With the bed to your left, exit the room through the rightmost door that's ahead of you and to the right. Continue down the hallway until you pass through an arched opening, then turn ninety degrees to the right and step through the arched opening. Stop when you reach the door on your immediate right.
Turn left down the hallway, and turn left into the sitting room. Go into the first door on the left and stop once you reach the bed.
Exit the laundry room and turn left. Walk towards the curio cabinet and turn left again. Enter the bedroom and walk past the dresser. Exit through the door to the left and wait near the sink.
Go through the door on the right and continue straight. Stop in the next room in front of the bed.
Walk up stairs, walk in between table and chairs and couch, walk through doors, walk past living room to stairs, wait on 1st step.
Go up the stairs and wait at the top.
Turn left and walk out the doorway to the right of the large black cabinet. Once out turn left to go down the stairs. Stop on the 2nd step from the stop.
Walk down the hall and go up the stairs. Stop on the third stair from the bottom.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and turn left. Stop in front of the second set of double doors on the left.
You should leave the dinning area and go to the right so you can be in the hall between the sitting area and kitchen. Now follow the hall to the end and wait in the doorway to the foyer.
Walk through the living room past the front doors.  Stop next to the chair by the lamp.
Leave the kitchen, and walk through the pantry. In the hall take a left, and take a right at the end of the hall. Stop next to the plan on the table in the entryway.
Turn around and walk through the kitchen. Continue through the hallway to the dining room. Stop between the dining table and the pink sofa.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and stop inside the exercise room.
Walk through the kitchen and walk out the door into the hallway. Turn right and then left and enter the door closest to the table. Enter the room and wait there.
Face in the direction of the refrigerator and head towards the stairs to the left of the refrigerator. Climb the stairs, then go forward until you can turn right to get to the foot of a flight of carpet covered stairs. Stop of the first step of those stairs.
Walk past fire extinguisher. Walk down stairs. Wait at bottom of stairs.
Walk down the stairs and go straight down the hallway. Turn left into the room and wait near the dining table.
Walk towards the desk in the office area. Stop next to the desk.
Take a right, another immediate right, go to the front of the couch towards the billiard table, and stop.
Walk down the hall toward the black shelf. Turn right and stop in the bedroom at the end of the hall.
Leave the sitting room and go left. Take a right before you enter the foyer. Take a right before you enter the office area. Enter the bathroom on the left.
Go through the hallway, turn left at the intersection, go straight into middle room and then turn right and go straight into the dooryway and stop.
Walk out of the sauna and turn left. Turn left and walk up the stairs and stop.
Walk through the door and over the overpass.  Wait on the white circular rug.
Walk to the far end of the walkway and wait at the top of the stairs.
Turn to exit room. Walk through kitchen. Continue through pantry. Walk across hallway. Walk past closet double doors to bedroom. Stop inside bedroom before bed.
WALK UP THE STAIRS, TURN TO THE LEFT AND ENTER INTO THE SECOND OPEN DOOR ON THE LEFT, WALK TOWARDS THE FOOT OF THE BED, TURN RIGHT AND ENTER THE OPEN DOOR TO THE BATHROOM.
If you would go down the hall and past the two large wicker baskets you will see a sitting area with a large orange couch straight ahead of you.
Take a right after the pool table and take your first left and walk into the room and wait in between the two rooms.
Go into the room with the tile floor and wait.
Exit the bedroom through the opening to the right of the head of the bed. Continue down the hallway until it opens to the left and the right.
Leave the sauna and enter the pool room. Stand on the platform at the end of the pool near the lounge chairs.
Exit the study, walk through the living room to the kitchen doorway, wait at the kitchen doorway to the left of the lamp under the stairs.
Go out of the bedroom and straight down the hallway past the stairs.  Go through the open door in front of you and stand at the end of the bed.
Climb the three steps next to you and continue forward, climbing three more steps. Stay straight and pass through the door opening directly ahead of you, then stop next to the massage table.
Walk down both sets of stairs, through the doorway and wait by the rug.
Exit bathroom into bedroom. Exit bedroom into hallway. and stop by stairs.
Walk straight into the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the door on the left.
Walk up stairs.  Wait at top.
Go do the hall, and go left. Take the right before you enter the entry way, and go straight. Stop once you are on the rug, behind the desk chair.
Walk around the front of the bed past the arm chair in the corner. Walk out through the door in the corner of the room past the mirrored closet doors. Walk into the tiled hallway. Turn the corner in the hall and walk to the next corner with a painting on the wall and a vent on the wall around the corner. Walk into the next room with a dining table and cabinets against the wall.
Go past the sink through the hallway and into the kitchen.  Go toward the black couch and then turn right going past kitchen island.  Turn left and stop in front of the coffee table.
Turn to the left and walk down the hallway to exit the kitchen. Once you reach the end of the hallway Turn right and stop in front of the last bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway.
exit into the pool room and stop before pool.
With the stairs leading upwards behind you and to your right, exit the room though the doorway ahead of you, then turn left. Continue forward, descending three steps and exit through the doorway ahead of you. Descend three more steps and then stop.
Leave the toilet closet and take a left. Enter the closet through the first door on the right.Stop just inside the door.
Walk down the stairs towards and past the atrium.  Head towards the kitchen and wait in the dining area.
Turn right and go down the long hall. Turn left toward the bar. Turn right into the kitchen and stop by the fridge.
Exit the bathroom, and walk to the stair landing. Walk down the stairs. Make a hard left just before the radiator. Wait at the buffet in the dining room.
Go in the doorway on the left. Turn right into the hallway and stop by the front door.
Head out of the bedroom and then turn right into the hallway.  Go past the optometrist picture on the wall and stop in the hallway with the white couch visible on the left.
Walk past the stairs and down the hall. Walk Through the entryway and stop just past the glass wine cellar.
Move down the stairs and make a sharp right, turning right at the first available opportunity to continue in that direction, through the marbled opening to the next room. Move down that short hallway and stop at the edge of the circular room there.
Walk forward down the hall and turn right at the stairs. Walk past the stairs and into the next room. Wait near the entrance way.
Walk up the stairs, turn left and walk straight towards the windows right after the living room furniture, stop right in front of windows.
Walk across the floor and wait the archway.
Leave sitting room to living room, turn right around couch, turn left and follow couch turn slight right into exercise room and stop by treadmill.
Walk across the large room to the stairs. Wait under the stairs that lead downstairs.
Step out of the shower and turn left to leave the bathroom. Continue straight ahead into the bedroom to wait by the bed.
Walk toward the white patio table and chairs and go into the house through the glass sliding doors. Pass the grey couches and go into the kitchen. Wait by the toaster.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right and stop by the end table.
Walk down the stairs, and through the archway directly to the left of the wooden chair, Continue past the potted plant and through the wooden archway on the left onto the hardwood floor. Walk towards the dining table and stop.
Go across the room until your infront of the big doors. Turn right and stay next to the left side of the smallest chair in couch area.
Exit the room and head straight then turn right and pass through the kitchen and then turn left and go into the second door on the right and stop by the sink.
Exit the library area and go to the living are.  Turn right and wait at the wooden chair.
Walk past the bed on the left. Walk past the fireplace on the right. Wait at the area rug.
Walk on the red carpet across the room to the next set of doors and weight there.
Turn left and walk down the hallway.  Continue to walk straight through the kitchen. Stop next to the white flowers on the left.
Walk out of the room and past the stairs. Walk through the second hallway to the left. Turn left and walk into the room. Stop in front of the dining room table.
Turn right to face an old pew and chairs. Walk up to the old chairs and turn right. Walk down the row until you reach the 5th chair.
Through hallway toward clock on the wall. Turn left at the mirror. Enter bedroom. Walk straight through the bedroom stopping just inside of walk-in closest.
Exit through the doorway with the stairs. Enter the second door on the right and wait beside the potted plant.
Walk up the stairs. Turn right, then an extreme right. Enter the room. Wait here.
Exit the room. Turn left into the room next door and wait there.
Go stand behind the nearest of the three chairs with white cushions at the kitchen bar.
Walk toward the big wall of windows. Turn hard left and continue passed the kitchen. Stop when you reach the room in front of you.
Walk down stairs. Walk towards room with sette. Wait at that door.
Turn right and enter the kitchen. Wait in the doorway next to the oven.
Go straight through the doorway.  Go to the left and then left again till you see the star burst pattern on the floor  Go through the bedroom doorway and stop when you get to the bed.  Wait there.
turn round and walk past the billiard table, walk straight on, stop by the window.
Go down the stairs and stop at the very bottom.
Go to the other side of the dining table. Go to the sink in the kitchen. Go to the table beside the couch and stand there.
Walk up the stairs. Turn right on the landing. Walk through the door. Walk towards the head of the bed. Turn left. Stop at the entrance to the dressing room.
Walk around the bed and to the door. Walk straight and slightly to the right. Turn left and wait in the doorway of the bathroom.
Go straight until you get to the beige chairs then turn right and head straight until you get to a large double door with two black vases on on each side.
Walk forward past the bed and toward the mirrored closet doors. Go around the bed to walk out of the bedroom through the door. Walk straight ahead past the double doors (on your right), and towards the short hallway that is straight ahead. There are three small round framed objects hanging on a wall that can be seen down this hallway through a door at the end of the hallway. Do not enter the room with the round hanging objects, though. Immediately before you would enter that room, and in the short hallway, there is a bathroom on your left. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop as soon as you are through the door and into the bathroom.
Walk past the table and turn right. Walk past the coffee table and couch and stop by the pool table.
Walk down the hall leading to the cabinet. At the cabinet take a right and enter the bedroom. In the room take a left and enter the bathroom on the far left. Stop on the rug in front of the sink.
Turn and walk out of the bathroom into the hallway. Walk through the door into the room with shelves and a sink. Continue through the room into the kitchen area and walk past the stove and sink.
Go straight pas the couches and the fireplace on the right. Go through the double doors. Turn right and pass the couches. Go into the room on the right. Wait near the round table and chairs with the white flower in the table.
Move forward to the doorway on the opposite side of the hall.  Stop in the archway.
Turn right, stop at the french doors. Turn left at the sofa, head straight past the coffee table, stop between the lamp and the arm chair. Head straight and stop at the pillar, just before the stairwell.
Walk past the stairs into the sitting area. Wait on the other side of the sitting area near the exterior doors.
Start at the bedroom door. Go out into the hallway. Turn right. Walk past a bathroom on the left. Go into the bedroom door at the end of the hallway on the left.
Make a left out the room with the toilet and walk past the bathtub.  The bathtub will be on your right as you pass.  Go thought the first door on your right to enter the closet.  Stop as soon as you enter the closet.
Facing the long table in the center of the room, turn left, then walk straight, and turn left and go through the open doorway to the right of a blue vase on a table. Continue straight down the red path until it turns left and goes through a doorway. Stop in that doorway.
Walk out of the closet and take a right out of the room. Take a left and walk towards the living room. Stop nest to the rug in front of the couch next to the patio door.
Exit the room. Walk straight until get to a large room. Turn right and pass the kitchen.Go straight into the room. Wait near the bed.
Turn right. Go forward. Turn right at doorway. Go forward. Turn right again. Go forward and stop.
Walk through kitchen. Walk through butler's pantry. Walk to right of bathroom. Wait at black "New York" books.
Leave the fitness area, and go left. Take the first right at the wine room. Walk straight ahead into the TV room. Stop once you enter the room.
Go down the stairs to your right and stop when you get all the way down.
Make your way up the steps, take a left turn and walk into the main room, stopping at the door.
Walk through the doors opposite the bathroom. Walk past the piano and continue past the violin on the wall. Stop in front of table with the large vase.
Walk forward through the kitchen and pantry. Veer right and enter the bedroom at the end of the office. Stop after you pass the door.
Turn around and walk up onto the patio. Walk into the door to the left and enter the sitting room. Walk across the sitting room and into the kitchen. Stop before you reach the steps.
Go down the hall on the left and into the living room. Go through the door on the right until you reach the treadmill.
continue forward past the first tdoor to your right continue walking past the door down the small hallways infront of you.  go in the room go down the steps  continue forward and go up 1 2 steps.
Turn to your left and walk past the sports items on display. Stop when you reach the wood bench in the middle of the room. You should be facing the TV.
Walk into the kitchen and past the stove and refrigerator.. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk out of the room and turn right to walk down the hall.  Walk along the staircase and continue through the door of the bedroom straight ahead.  Stop inside the door.
Climb up the stairs and turn right at the top. Enter the room, then stop.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Turn left and walk into the second door on the right. Stop in front of the bed.
With the low stone or concrete barrier behind you, walk parallel to the board covering the floor and turn left before reaching the end. Move forward to leave the wooden flooring and when on the stone flooring, turn right and stand in front of the doors leading out of the room.
Exit the bathroom and enter the hall. Take a left in the hall and then enter another hall. Take a right at this hall, then take a left to enter another bathroom.
Exit the room, turn left and walk into the farthest room on the left. Wait by the entrance of the bedroom.
Facing the toilet, walk through the door on the left. Make a right and walk through the doorway across the room. Make a left and walk down the hallway. Turn right at the next opening and stop before the kitchen island on the right.
Walk to the left of the stairs and stop next to the nearest of the two beds.
Walk forward, and go up the stairs. Go up the next set of stairs passing the hieroglyphs. Stop at the top of this set of stairs.
Turn right and walk along the red carpet to your right. Walk past the doorway wait by the glass info panes.
Exit the room. Go straight into the hallway. Walk straight until you get to the room and wait at the entrance.
Go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs.
When you leave the sitting area and go to the dinning area, make a left then make another left near the outside door. Now go into the kitchen and make a right. You should stop between the island and counter.
Go through the double doors and walk straight. Bear to the right and exit through the open sliding glass doors. Turn to the right and stand and wait by the corner of the pool table.
Continue forward until you reach the top of the steps and change your direction to the left. Travel forward until you reach the base of the next staircase on your right. Ascend the stairs until you reach the top step. Halt here.
Continue up the stairs and take a right into the bedroom. In the bedroom take a left and go through the closet, and stop in the bathroom doorway.
Turn around and go down the stairs next to the foot of the bed. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
With the foot of the bed behind you, exit the bedroom through the door on the left and walk to the top of the stairs.  Go through the open door at the top of the stairs and enter the bedroom.  Stop after entering this bedroom.
Go up all the stairs and stop on the rug at the top.
Turn left and go up the stairs. Then take your next right and stop.
Exit the bathroom and go up the stairs, at the white door make a right, make a another right into the viewing room, take a step in and stop.
take a right then a let. stop next to the last door of the hallway.
Go left through the kitchen, straight into the room in front of you that has a table with a scale on top of it and stop.
Walk into the house, and go through the kitchen. Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the large black bookcase. Go down the stairs. Stop on the third stair from the top.
Exit the room and head right. When you get to frame of the teddy bear with balloons that says "Welcome" in the wall turn right. Head straight into that room and wait by the bed.
Walk down the hallway and past the sofa. Walk into the dining room area. Stop in front of the island.
Head in the direction of the wine cellar on the left, and enter it. Stop behind the table at the far end.
Walk into the kitchen.  Turn left at the kitchen island, and walk straight.  Stop in the hallway at the first entrance to the dining room.
Go left down the hallway and turn left. Go down the hall and stop once you reach the wood floor.
Go up the stairs through the outdoor living area and go inside through the sliding glass door. Go past the TV on your right and enter the kitchen. Stop between the kitchen island and pantry.
Walk down the path with an informational sign on your right. Continue straight through the doorway and stop after a couple of feet, just before another informational sign on the right.
Exit the sewing room. Turn right and walk towards the curio cabinet. Turn left and enter the bedroom.  Walk past the dresser on your left  and enter the bathroom on your left.  Wait next to the rug that is in front of the sink.
Walk up the three steps, and turn right at the corner. Turn right again to enter the living room, and stop in front of the coffee table.
Turn left and walk straight across the kitchen and through the storage area. Once out, turn right and then enter the last room on the left and stop in the doorway.
Take a left at the first doorway.Walk down the hall and stop at the next doorway.
Walk across the room and wait at the far end of the bar.
Walk into the bedroom toward the fireplace. Go around the fireplace on the left. Stop in the doorway before you reach the rug.
Walk up the three stairs and turn right. Walk towards the living room and turn right. Wait by the coffee table.
Go to the hallway, take a right, and at the intersection take a left, stopping at the bar.
Go down the stairs. Enter the door on your left and stop.
Go down the stairs and turn right. Keep going down the stairs and stop in the doorway of the living room.
Go straight up the stairs. Wait at the top.
Exit the bathroom then turn left and go into the bedroom next door. Wait near the bed.
Walk past the sitting area and wait in the kitchen by the island.
Walk straight past the bar through the doorway. Turn right at the picture and enter the bedroom. Stop and wait by the closet.
Go straight past the table and chairs. After you get to the couches turn right and go out to the porch with the pool table. Wait near the pool table.
Leave the wine room and go up the stairs.  At the landing with the door with the blue glass, go up the next set of stairs.  Stop at the top of these stairs without going up another level.
Step into the hallway and turn right. Walk straight down the hallway, turn slightly left and wait near the stairs.
With the large window to your right, head forward and to your left until you reach the base of some stairs leading upwards. Continue past the stairs and towards some more stairs leading downwards. Pass to the right of those second stairs and down a narrow hallway with the banister on your left and some artwork on the wall towards your right. Enter the next room on your right when you reach it.
Go through the room past the counter and the pool. Stop at the other end before the beaded doorway.
Go down the hallway past the mirror.  Turn left at the picture with the letters. Step through the doorway into the kitchen.
Walk all the way forward passing all the picture frames on the wall on your left. Enter the corner on your left with the arch layout, and stop there.
Walk down the hallway passed the potted plant. Walk passed the counter and bar stools. Walk towards the staircase and turn right around the corner. Walk passed the ceramic urns and through the arched entryway. towards the circle of  armchairs.
Exit the bathroom and go down the stairs. Enter the last doorway on the left and stop just before stepping on the rug.
Walk to the right of the blue and black chairs and turn left. Walk past the coffee table and stop by the green and black chair.
Exit the kitchen and wait in the sitting room, near the loveseat.
Take a left at the at the stove and walk down the hall then stop at the living room and wait.
Walk through the open doorway and continue straight, then make a sharp left turn into the washing room.
Walk up to the photo on the wall directly in front of you.
Turn left and walk across the lawn towards the dark grey fence. Turn left again and walk down the side of the house. Stop before the second stair step on the walkway.
Take a left and exit the closet. Take a left into the bedroom. Take another left into the bathroom and wait there.
Head past the closed closet. Go through the pantry and into the kitchen. Walk past the kitchen up to the table in the dining room.
Turn around and go through the archway. Turn left and take the extreme left. Stop near the mantle.
With the large mirror to your left, move forward, passing the kitchen to your left, stopping even with the corner of the dining table that has eight chairs around it.
Go through the doorway with the desk on the right, make a left, go straight passed the stairs on the right and go to the doorway and wait.
At the bottom of the stairs take a left and go down the hallway. Continue down the hall and take your first right into the art room. Stop once you are past the door in the art room.
Head across the room towards the front door then turn left. Go up the stairs and turn right. Enter the bedroom then wait.
Go straight through the doorway on the right. Walk toward the bottom of the staircase and stop.
Go to the plant Go to the rope Go to the steamroom door Go to the table.
Continue up the stairs, walk towards the sitting area, go straight passed the table on the left. stop by the double doors.
Go past the dink and out the door, towards the big sofa.  Stop between the back of the sofa and the white kitchen counter.
Walk out of the room and down the hallway. Walk past the kitchen and stop outside of the door to the dining room.
Walk across relaxation pool and enter the relaxation alter. Stop next to lit candles.
Turn left and go straight to exit the closet and keep going into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn left and walk out into the hallway. Turn into the last door on your left and stop when you enter the bedroom.
Turn around and exit the room. Once out, turn right and keep walking straight until you enter the room on the end. Stop once you enter the room.
Exit the closet and go to the right. Enter the door and go to the left and go to the end and stop.
Walk through the doorway towards the railings and go down the stairs on the left.  Stop when you reach the bottom of the stairs.
Exit the laundry room and turn right.  Walk past the large plant and stand on the stairs.
Exit the room then go straight and turn left. Go straight until you pass an eye chart picture frame on the left wall then wait there.
Go through the living room and turn left in between the couches and the kitchen counter. Go down the hall then take a right before reaching the front door and stop between the two doors to the side.
walk through the doorway directly opposite and slightly to the left of the fireplace, turn left in the hallway and walk down the staircase on the left stop in the doorway to the outside.
walk across living room behind couch to pool table. Stop at pool table.
Walk out the shower and through the first doorway on the left. Walk through the doorway directly to the left of dresser, walk through the room and through the first doorway that leads to the stairs. Stop right before the staircase that leads downstairs.
Turn left and walk to the end and then turn left. Walk all the way past the kitchen bar Once you are past the bar, turn right and enter the hallway. Go past the door on your left to the stairs and stop at the next door looking into the sitting area.
Once at the top of the stairs, turn left and walk towards the first doorway.  Enter the first doorway and walk towards the bed.  Once at the foot of the bed, turn left and walk through the door.  You should now be standing in front of a sink and mirror.
Walk out of the living room into the hallway. Take the first right, and walk straight. Stop on the rug in the office and stand in front of the bookshelf.
Go up the steps next to the fridge. Then turn right toward the bathroom. Stop at the top of the steps.
Exit the room and turn left.  Stop just before you reach the stairs that go up.
Walk through the doorway into the hall.  Cross the hall and enter the door to the right of the Curtis Wilson Cost painting that is hanging on the wall. Walk past the drawers and shelves and wait.
Keeping the hanging wall mirror on your right, proceed onward up the hall until you reach another hallway on your left, go down that left hallway. You will know you are on the correct path if you see a framed photo of letters on the right wall. Continue moving forward until you pass the room on the left with the sink. Pivot to your right and travel in a forward direction down across the tile and then take a step onto the carpet in front of you. Stand on that carpet and wait for further instructions.
Take a left around the lamp, go straight along the dresser drawers and go straight and stop in front of the glass doors.
Go down the hallway opposite the roped off circle in the floor through the brown double doors, take a few steps into the dining room and stop.
Go down the hallway and go to the back door.
Walk up the stairs and keep going up when you get to the landing.  Stop on the second step from the very top.
Head down first flight of stairs and at landing turn right to go down next second flight of stairs. At landing of second flight of stairs veer to the right and turn right into first door way. Stop just inside of doorway.
Walk towards oven and turn right through doorway. Go down hallway and turn left  and wait at bathroom.
Stand in the doorway between the living area and the large silver grill in the kitchen area.
Go along the table, go left into the living room, go passed the stairs to your left and passed the mirror to your right, go to the right of the top of the stairs and through the archway, turn right into the double glass doors and stop.
Turn left and walk down the red carpet until you enter the next room. Wait there.
Go past the boxes and into the doorway on the left. Walk through the hall. Pass by both the bathroom and the room with the couch in it. Pass the stairs and go into the room in the corner on the right. Stop.
Enter the kitchen and walk past the refrigerator, then turn right. Proceed through the entryway and wait by the freezers.
Go through the bathroom and into the kitchenette. Go past the counter and out the open door. Head down the hallway and stop right past the open book.
Take a sharp left. Walk under the chandelier and wait next to the billiards table.
Walk on the left side of the table straight towards the couch and kitchen counter.  Walk between the couch and counter and continue until straight.  At the large clock on the wall turn left into the sitting area. And stop near the sofa on the left.
Exit the bedroom. Go to the next bedroom on the left. Go to the foot of the bed. Go into the closet across from the blue bed.
Walk up the stairs to the second landing, then turn left. Wait on the rug, near the doorway.
Go straight past the oven. Turn left and enter the doorway. Go into the doorway to the right of the painting and wait.
go straight to the door then turn right.
Turn left and exit the bedroom. Walk past the stairs into the rightmost doorway. Wait by the entrance of the bedroom.
Turn around and  walk up the stairs. Wait in the room with the red carpet and book shelves.
Head towards the painting of the woman in a white dress. Turn right at the painting.  Follow the red path until you are standing next to two red and white chairs.
Turn around and walk to the end of the bed. At the end of the bed turn right and walk to the hallway. Once at the entrance way, walk through the hallway to the next room.
Turn right to walk around the table. Walk toward the stove. Turn right to exit the room. Walk through the doorway. Walk towards the stairs. Stop on the second step.
Walk into the arched hallway near the native american paintings on the wall. Walk past the doorway to the laundry room and down the hall past the candles on the wall. Continue to the open arched entry at the end of the hall.
Turn right and follow the red station barrier (rope) towards the painting of the man in red pants.  Turn right and go through the open brown wooden doors into the next museum room.  In this room walk straight forward and stop on the red carpet beside the red chair at the end of the table with the large chandelier above it.
Leave the room you are in by using the door nearest to you. Continue walking straight until the end of the next room. Leave this room. Walk forward until you are standing in front of the black door on the right.
Exit the door, and walk all the way down to the bottom of the staircase, and stop at the blue patterned carpet on the floor.
Walk forward through the kitchen and living room towards the patio. Stop on the patio just outside the sliding doors.
Turn around, start going up steps, stop before last flight of steps.
Turn left and head down the hallway. Turn right at the first entry way on your right. Enter the next small hallway and head straight into the room straight ahead. Stop inside of the room once you reach the chair and the desk and are facing the 3 windows.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go down hallway until you get to the kitchen then turn left. Wait there.
Walk up the three stairs to exit the room.  Walk straight ahead up three more steps, and take the second door on the right.  Stop after your pass through that door.
Turn to the right and walk forward through the open door onto the oriental rug.Turn to the right and walk through the open door and continue walking straight through the next open door. Walk through the next open door that is just after the staircase. Once through the door, stop on the red oriental rug.
Exit the dining room, and make a right into the kitchen. Make a right after the wine fridge, and wait at the top of the stairs.
exit exercise room to living room, turn slight left, walk behind couch, turn right and walk behind couch, turn left into dining room. Stop next to 2 chairs at glass table.
Turn towards the door that is open. Walk straight. Turn right. Walk straight. Turn right at stairs. Walk into living room. Turn right. Face dining table.
Leave the bedroom and take a left in the hallway. Go straight and go into the room that is the second on the left. Stop in the doorway to the room.
With the door to your immediate left, go through the opening and turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue forward past the kitchen island on your right and stop at the entrance to the dining room.
Walk through the bedroom and exit through the door left of the red bed. Head into the next room. Walk forward into next room. Stop at the next door exiting the room.
Enter the building and walk through the kitchen. Stop in the hall next to the ovens.
Turn around and walk down the hallway. Turn left at the eye exam. Turn right to enter the kitchen. Stop at the sink.
Turn left and wait by the beaded doorway at the end of the pool.
Go straight then turn right. Go straight until you get to a large room. Wait at the entrance.
Walk to the far side of the room and stop in the doorway.
Leave the bathroom and take a right. Enter the kitchen and go left. Go forward and leave the kitchen area. Stop outside of the dining room.
Turn around and enter the sitting room to your right. Walk in front of the fireplace to the other side and stop once you reach the pool table.
Turn around and go towards the door. Then turn right and go into the entryway and stop by the table.
Walk through breakfast nook. Walk past kitchen. Walk past thermostat. Wait at exercise ball.
Walk towards the stairs.  Walk down the stairs and stop midway on the stairs.
Go up the stairs to the right, turn left and go into the room on the left. Turn left and stop near the mannequins.
Make a right and exit living area, walk past living area, and kitchen, make a right toward outside patio and wait.
Head down the hallway pass the picture on the right of the people on horseback. At the intersection turn left. Go into the bedroom and stop next to the rug.
Go up the stairs and keep walking straight until you reach a wooden door.  Turn right into the room with the TV and stop a few feet in front of the table in the middle of the room.
Go right into the hall. Take a left and go down the hall. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk past the bathroom and turn right into the next room. Proceed to the exiting doorway and wait there.
Walk straight along the hallway and turn left on the first corner. Enter the room and walk until you see the purple sofa on the left side, and stop right in front of the animal showpiece placed on the floor.
Walk out of the bathroom passed the sink and shower. Walk down the hallway through the arch ed entry and circular tiled room. Turn and walk into the bedroom with hanging curtains wooden bed frame.
Exit the kitchen, walk through the pantry, walk slight right down the hallway, enter the bedroom, wait by the bed.
Walk through dining room. Walk through tv room. Walk through open french doors. Wait under wooden archway.
Go upstairs and stop in the sitting area, near the end table.
Walk past the end table and turn right into the kitchen. Walk to the left of the island past the oven into the next room and stop.
Walk across the room and straight down the hallway. Wait in the doorway.
Had past the wooden table and towards the two archways.  Walk through the archway on the left. Turn left and go down the hall. Make a right after the light switches and stop in the archway.
Exit the room. Turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance.
Walk down the stairs and to the right. Walk down the stairs and stop in front of the table.
Head straight until you get to a large door on your left with two large black vases on each side and wait there.
Walk forward and turn left passing the television. Keep walking towards the glass windows and stop there.
Go down the hall past some plants towards a doorway to the hot tub and some lounge chairs.  Stop in front of the large tub.
Walk past the exercise ball, onto the wooden floor. Walk to the left past the sofa.  Turn to the right past the soft and wait next to the glass table with the plant on it.
Head into the bedroom.  Turn left and go into the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower.
Go up the stairs. continue straight when you get to the floor. Turn right and wait near the antelope head.
Walk forward with the cabinets on the left into the hallway. In the hallway take a left and walk past the console table on your right. Walk through the hallway until you enter the clearing, and stop just past the entry behind you.
Walk down the hall towards the living room and pass the living room. Go straight passing the kitchen and stop next to the console table in the hall.
With the sink to your left and the stove to your right, start walking forward until you exit the kitchen, veering right and entering the second bedroom to your left.
Facing the couch with the counter at your back take a right down the hallway and go straight past the sitting area and take the right right into the hallway and stop past the letter picture in front of the sliding door to the pantry.
Leave the bathing area and take a left. Take a left at the counter. Go up the stairs and take the first right. Stop in the doorway.
Follow the kitchen island around to the left. Enter the dining room through the door left of the oven. Pass the dining table and wait there.
Go down the stairs and turn right. Head toward the pool table and when you get to the fireplace wait there.
Walk across the room to the other end of the table. Walk out the 2 small wood doors in front of you. Once out turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right through the entryway before the ovens. Stop once you are facing the long hallway.
Exit the bathroom, enter the bedroom, exit the bedroom to the hallway, wait at the top of the stairs.
Head to the doorway and into the hall.  Turn right and go down the stairs.  Stop midway on the second flight of stairs.
Face the hanging light to the right of the counter with a sink. Travel straight through the archway that does not lead to the stairs. Keep going until you are in the doorway of the room at the end of the hallway.
Turn around and enter hall on right. Go forward down hallway until you reach flowers. Turn right and enter. Stop once entered.
Go out of the closet into the bedroom and turn left. Leave through the door and stand at the top of the stair case.
Exit the bedroom. Walk by the bathroom. Take the first left. Walk through the first door on the left. Stop by the sink.
Turn right and walk up the first set of stairs. Wait at the bottom of the second set of stairs.
Walk across kitchen, turn left and stop under the stairs.
Head down the hallway and down the stairs. Then go out the door to go outside and wait there.
Walk down the hallway and take a left. At the end of the hallway take a left and a right at the next hall and enter the bedroom on your left.
Walk downstairs and go to the door on the right at the end of the room, and wait just inside the doorway.
Walk straight until you get to a room that has a black table on the left with flowers on it. Wait there.
walk towards fireplace, walk on the left side of the brown couch, turn right after couch, turn left after four person table and stop in front of barstools.
Go up the stairs and at the top turn to the left and walk. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Walk up the stairs and take a right. Walk into the bedroom and take a left . Take another left at the night stand and walk out of the bedroom. Wait by the toilet in the second door on the right.
Exit out the door to the left side of the room. Once out turn left and enter the double wood doors. Once inside the room, stop at the end of the reception desk.
Go upstairs. Wait four steps to the top.
Walk to the right of the stairs. Continue past and to the right of the stairs that go down. Turn right and stop in the doorway of the double glass doors.
Walk forward to the curio cabinet and turn right. Enter the bedroom and walk to the foot of the bed. Turn to the left and walk past the leather chair and through the doorway. Wait near the sink.
Turn around where you stand and walk around to chair to your left and continue forward to the end of the wood counter to your right. Turn slightly to your right and walk past the pillar that is between the lamp and the stairs going down.  Stop between the pillar and the stairs.
Walk down the stairs, take the first right, and stop in front of the bathroom.
Walk straight ahead through the door way. Walk through the kitchen storage area and into the kitchen. Walk all the way through the kitchen and stop when you reach the wood table with black and metal chairs.
Walk through kitchen. Make left after spider plant. Wait at open door on left.
Walk out of the bedroom and walk across the room and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Turn around and head down the stairs.  Then walk to the open white door and stand in the doorway. Wait by the sink.
Exit the craft room and make a left. Go past the stairs that go downstairs and head towards the front door. Enter the formal living room and then pass into the dining room. Stop just before reaching the table and wait.
With the sink behind you, walk the length of the patio to the table with the high stools.  Turn right and walk inside through the closest open door.  Stop once stepping inside.
Go straight. Pass the bar with the stools. Walk straight until you get to a table with chairs then stop.
Walk up the stairs and wait on the second step of the second set of stairs.
Exit room and wait between the couch and kitchen island.
Go through living room, through the door on the to the right, through the den, through the dining to, to the outdoor foyer. Stop before going outside.
Keep walking forward passing the entire picture frames wall on the right. Stop in front of the door that is visible on the left.
Go down the stairs and turn right then wait by the glass doors that lead to the patio.
Turn around and exit the room out the double white doors and turn left. At the vases turn left and stop when you are beside the bottom of the steps.
Walk in the direction of the refrigerator, and take a left. Exit through the door next to the refrigerator. Enter the hallway and stop.
Exit bedroom and go straight passed stairs and into bedroom. Turn left and go in the bathroom. Stop at sink.
Leave art room to hall and turn left to stairs going up. Stop on 3rd stair.
Exit the bathroom and go right, then turn left at the big clock and go into the bedroom and wait next to the bed.
Go straight along on the pillars keeping to the right of them until you're passed the long wooden block, then turn right to go behind the block and then go straight and stop between the last and second to last book stand.
Walk into the hall and turn right. Walk through the entryway on the left and across the atrium. Walk up to the tenth step and stop.
Exit the living room and turn right into the kitchen. Turn left at the end of the counter and wait in the room across the hallway slightly to the left.
GO straight, take a left once you enter the bedroom. Stop in the bathroom.
Walk past the chair and across the room. Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk straight and then turn left. Turn right and wait near the door.
Enter the kitchen to the left. Go forward and through the brick archway directly ahead. Enter the living area with the beige couch. Wait there.
Walk down the hallway and past the end table. Walk straight across the hallway past the pots. Walk straight and stop next to the end table.
Go to the left and enter the doorway, turn to the right and stop in front of the table.
Go into the living area with the fireplace. Stop in the area between the two white sofas, next to the entrance to the dining room.
Turn around and go out of the room towards the clock.  Turn right and go down the hall past the kitchen counter.  At the end of the kitchen counter turn left and go past the kitchen to the hall and go slight left and straight through the door.
Go down the stairs and stop.
Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn right and wait near the black mirror in the left wall.
Leave the room through an entryway next to the painting of a man with a white wig and go down the hall with a long row of paintings, and wait at the entry to another room on the other end.
Descend down the stairs. Turn left and stop in the room.
Walk to the stairs. Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk straight down the hallway until you get to the kitchen. Pass the bar with the chairs/stools. Walk straight until you get to a ledge on the left wall with a vase and white flowers. Wait there.
Turn right and exit the bathroom. Once out turn right and then turn left and walk to the end of the small hallway and turn right. Walk into the foyer area and stop when you reach the table.
Go downstairs and stop at the bottom.
Turn around and exit the pantry. Cross from the counter to the patio and stop.
Walk along the patio. Stan behind the table at the end and stop.
walk forward then turn left then walk straight again entering the living room.
Follow the pink carpet out of the room you are in, and through the next room.  Exit the doorway of the next room and stop.
Exit the room then turn left and go through the door on the left. Wait at the entrance.
Step out into the hallway and turn left.  Walk down the hallway.  Make a left and walk through the doorway with the double glass doors that is to the left of the top of the staircase.  Stop in front of the small table with the red leather chairs in that room.
Walk up the stairs Through the doorway on the left. Make a left in the room and stop before the two manikins.
Go past the bookshelves and into an entryway to where some stairs are.  Wait near the front door in front of the stairs.
Turn around and leave the bathroom.  Go into the bedroom.  Turn left and go down the hallway to the left.  You'll stop by the big cabinet on the left.
You should walk past the bar and to the pool. Across from the pool there is a doorway, go through that doorway and wait.
Exit the living room area and turn left before the kitchen. Go straight down the hall and turn right. Wait in front of the white double doors.
Walk straight ahead until you reach the bed. Turn left and walk out the door to the left. Once out, turn right and then enter the door on your right and stop once you enter.
Walk into the living room and keep walking straight past the living room. Then walk into the entrance under the balcony. Wait in the entrance to the other room.
Walk over to the master bedroom with the large sun burst mirror, its straight past the potted plant in the hallway.
Walk around the pews on the right, then go straight. Take a left at the wall. Stop behind the first podium.
Walk out of the bedroom and take the first left into another bedroom. In the next bedroom take the second left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Stand with the bed behind you and walk straight down the red carpet.  Go into the room with the tile floor and stop after a few steps closer to the middle of the room.
Step forward, make a hard right, walk pass the bed and turn right. Wait in the doorway.
Go forward down the hall. At the end of the hall take a left, and take another left into the sitting room with the mural. Stop once you enter the room.
Turn right and walk down the hall until you enter the kitchen.  Then turn right and walk into the living room.  Stand near the end table.
Walk straight through the kitchen, past the refrigerator and the utility sink. Walk through the sliding door and turn slight right, walking toward the bedroom door. Turn right and wait at the entrance to the second bedroom.
Go to the wooden stairs. Go up the stairs and go between the couch and the table. Walk into the house through the sliding glass door. Go to the television. Go to the refrigerator. Go to the front of the toaster and stop.
follow the bay windows then take a left. go slightly right and stop by the staircase.
Turn around and go up the stairs. Turn right and stop just passed the bottom of the stairs with carpet.
Leave the closet and bedroom. In the hall go down the stairs. Stop on the third stair from the top.
Leave the shower and turn left. Exit the bathroom and go through the closet to the bedroom. Turn left and and go to   the door. Turn left and exit the bedroom. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk past the closed off section and make a slight left turn followed by a sharper left turn and stop completely once near the end of the paintings.
Go forward through an archway towards the console table, and veer right to an open doorway, and go through it. Wait there.
Go straight past the large table and chairs. Turn left and wait near the lamp.
Walk up the three steps, and go straight towards the room that is ahead of you that has a massage bed visible. Enter the room, and stop in front of the massage bed.
Go past the eye chart and in the right bedroom door and wait.
Walk around kitchen island to dining room. Turn right and stop next to table with cross and vase.
Exit the laundry room and walk up the stairs to the left. Continue past the carpeted stairs and turn right. Turn right again and enter the living room. Wait near the coffee table.
Go through the single door on the right.Turn left and go through the door on the left.  Stand by the bottom right side of the massage table.
With the violin on your right, walk straight down the hallway, past the windows on the right.  Turn left at the end and stop in the round doorway.
face  directly away from stairs and walk through doorway straight ahead, right immediately, walk past bed and turn right into closet, walk straight and stop in front of toilet.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the hall. Walk past the vases and past the stairs. Stop in front of the table and chairs.
Wall through the room to the next set of doors. You will see a gray plaque saying "SALA XVI" on the floor to your left. If you don't, you went the wrong way. Turn around and go the correct way.
Turn right when you pass the stairs. Walk straight and then turn right. Pass the table with the chairs and wait near the kitchen area.
Go up the stairs and take a right. Enter the doorway into the kitchen and take a left. Walk through the kitchen and take a left into the dining room. Stop in the doorway to the dining room.
Turn around and walk down the stairs. Wait in the entry way of the living area on the right.
walk straight along edge of pool, turn slight left and continue towards counter. Turn left and go up stairs. Stop at the double open doors.
Go down the stairs and go into the door on your right. Wait by the toilet.
walk to the left of the clock and down the hallway to the right. Turn right before the shelf and stop in the doorway of the bedroom.
Stand just outside the doorway into the starting room.
Leave the bedroom and walk straight.  When you get to the glass wine room, turn left and walk through the doorway past it.  Go down the hallway to the right and turn left at the stairs.  Go up the first step and then stop.
walk away from the bed towards the chair, turn right, walk past the TV to exit the bedroom, turn and walk down the hall to the right and stop in front of the bathtub.
Walk straight out the door in front of you and follow the red carpet. Keep going through the room with the ropes and stop when you enter the next room with ropes.
Exit the room using the second door on you right. Head straight until you see a door on the right. Wait near that door.
Turn left and head towards the hall way. Continue straight until the door is in your path.
When you get to the pink bench turn right  and then walk straight until you pass four chairs on the left. Turn left and wait at the entrance of the room.
Walk through the archway to the left of the mirror. Wait at the other end of the bedroom, inside the en suite bathroom.
Walk around the brown leather ottoman, angling slightly right towards the clock on the wall. Turn right at the clock and walk forward. Wait near the dining table.
Go straight through the door and exit the bathroom to the closet. Continue straight and exit the closet. Wait near the bed.
Go straight then turn right and go into the kitchen. Turn left and walk through the kitchen . When you pass the fridge on the right wait near the phone on the left.
Walk towards the door that leads to outside and then turn left before the door. Go up the staircase straight ahead. At the top of the stairs go into the weight room and wait there.
Exit the room into the house. Go down the hall straight. Go until you get to the violin mounted on the wall on your right.
Go straight into the third arch from the left. Turn right and go down the hallway until you get to stairs on the right. Go up two steps then stop.
Walk straight until you get to a room on the right. Turn into that room. Turn left and then right to go past the table and chairs. Turn left toward the couches then turn right into the room with the pool table. Wait there.
Go past the circle of chairs toward the door. Turn right and go into the hallway. Turn left to go into the kitchen.
Exit the room using the second door on the right then go straight until you get to the glass sign that has a red arrow on it.
Continue straight down hallway towards stairs, turn left at open door and enter, walk to center of room and turn right, walk straight and stop at antelope head.
Exit the room, turn left, and go into the left room at the end of the hall.  Proceed through this room and wait by the sink in the adjacent bathroom.
From the sunken tub, head towards the exit, climbing three steps. Continue forward to another short staircase of three steps and climb them. Stop at the entrance to the room on your right.
Walk straight and to the right of the table and through the doorway. Wait in front of the bench.
Go into the hall and stop in the bedroom across from the stairs.
Walk passed kitchen and turn right. Turn left into room passed table and chairs. Wait behind white couch.
Go through the right doorway, and wait near the top of the stairs going down.
Walk down the hallway to the end. Turn left into the laundry room and wait in the doorway.
Turn around 180 degrees.  Go through the open door to the loft.  Once through the doorway, turn to the left and walk towards the far side of the loft.  Stop once you are just past the opening to the stairs.
Walk down the hall and make a left at the end and stop at the first room on the right. Wait in the entryway of the room with the two couches.
Walk past the refrigerator and turn left. Walk past the television and step outside through the sliding glass doors. Stop just outside the glass doors.
Walk toward the stairway, and stop before the stairway and next to the large wooden wardrobe.
Walk straight then turn right and walk down the hallway until you get near the large painting of a man.
walk from dining room to living room turning slightly right before lounge chairs, walk straight following cabinet. turn slight right and stop at stairs.
Walk past the dining room table and towards the kitchen. Go up the first set of stairs to the left of the kitchen. Stop at the top of the stairs next to the white door.
Walk toward the kitchen and turn left at the counter. Proceed down the hallway, turn left into the living room and wait by the sofa.
Leave the bathroom.  Go through the door straight across the hall walk straight through the kitchen.  Turn left at the end of the bar turn left again and go in the room to the right stand in between the closet and the sink.
Turn left and go through the kitchen. Turn left and walk past the kitchen island. Turn right and walk past the pottery. Wait inside the room on the left next to the table with the flowers.
Go through the hall to the right side of the big clock. Go to the circular tile on the floor. Go through the hallway next to the wooden chair. Go to the dining table.
Walk to the left, going towards the right arch at the back of the room. Walk through to the next room and stop when you're at the rug in front of the dining set.
Walk past the large dining table with the chandelier overhead.  The table should be on your right as you walk past it.  Follow the red carpet to exit that room by the first doorway you come to after passing the table.  There are some red chairs just to the right of the doorway you will go through.  Walk down the hall and stop in the first doorway on your right.
Walk through the kitchen passing the fridge on the left. Turn left at the hall then turn left again. Wait in the room on the right.
Turn around, go to the end of the ropes, and stop just over the white line.
From the starting position go straight down the hallway, passing the first door. Stop when there is a sink to the right, before entering the next room with the barbecue grill.
Go to the left side of the staircase. Go to the vases. Go through the first doorway on the left. Go into the room and stand in front of the wine cabinet.
Walk straight across the wine cellar and exit out the door on the other side. Once out turn left and then enter in the door to your left in the corner. Stop once you enter the open room with several large cabinets.
Turn around and walk straight forward down the hallway all the way to the other end. Once you reach the end turn left and stop in the doorway.
Walk into the kitchen area around the central counter top with bar stools and along the wall with tall cabinet doors. Walk towards the stove and cappuccino machine and walk through the door in the corner. Walk past the dining table and stop on the other end of it.
Walk past the dining table, then turn right into the hall way. Turn left, walk down the hall, and stop when you reach the sofa.
Walk past beige rug. Walk past butler's pantry. Make left after eye chart. Wait at gold polka dot picture frame.
Turn around and go to your left. Then go through the doorway on your left. Then turn right by the island.
You need to walk up the stairs and make a left when you get to the top. Next, make a right and walk towards the stairs. When you get to the stairs wait beside them and in front of the rug in front of the front door.
Turn right and wait in the entryway of the bedroom.
Walk down stairs.  Once you reach the bottom, turn hard left.  Enter the room straight ahead.  Wait here.
GO up the stairs, turn right. Stop in the bedroom.
Walk up the stairs, then turn right at the second doorway. Wait by the plant.
Go straight and go up the stairs to your right. Go up nine steps then stop.
Turn to walk past curio cabinet. Walk towards kitchen. Stop at light switches on stone wall before the kitchen island with sink.
walk straight in the opposite direction of the stairs. There will be couches on your right and shelved on the left. Stop in front of the double wood doors on your left.
Walk towards the balcony and take the stairs down on the left. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk up the flight of stairs to the top. Turn and follow the railing into the bedroom area. Walk towards the closet.
Go upstairs and enter the bedroom on the right.
walk away from fireplace, turn left and walk up the stairs, curve right, walk up more, curve right and walk up all of the stairs, turn left at the top of the stairs, stop in the doorway to the bedroom straight ahead.
Turn left and exit the room. Walk straight across and enter the double doors at the end of the hallway. Stop once inside the door.
Go straight and up the stairs. Turn left and continue up the stairs. Wait in that floor with the long blue carpet.
Turn around and exit the double doors on the left. Walk out past the stairs and turn left. Enter the room straight ahead at the end. Walk into the room and then turn into the bathroom door on the right and stop.
Go straight through the kitchen and then slightly right to go into the room straight ahead then wait by the bed.
Walk towards the antique bed and wait in front of it.
Go around the bed and to the right. Go through the arch opening and wait near the thermostat.
Exit the bedroom, turn right, walk down the hall to the bathroom across from the second window, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink.
Walk to the far end of the room and wait near the fire extinguisher.
Walk down the aisle to your right, and walk forward. Take the first right and stop between the first two pillars.
Go straight until you pass the grey couches then turn left into the hallway. Wait there.
Exit the room. Turn left into the second door. Wait near the entrance.
Go down the stairs, Turn left and enter the room. Wait near the chairs that are facing the fireplace.
Walk towards the stairs and down the hall next to the stairs. Wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall.
Walk through the entry way to the left of the stove. Once through, turn right and enter the dining room. Walk through the dining room to the left and enter the sitting room. Once you enter the sitting room, turn right. Walk through the double doors and into the room with the pool table. Stop beside the pool table once you walk in.
Go up the stairs and take a left. Walk towards the couch and chairs in the sitting area. Walk through the sitting area and stop in front of the first door to the balcony on your left.
Go through the pillars, make a left go through the doorway, make another left towards the stairs, make a right passed the stairs on your right into the doorway and wait.
Move forward staying between the footstool on your right and the basket on the floor on your left. Proceed ahead past the desk on the left. Continue on the forward path until you pass by the one wooden pole on your left. When you are even with the staircase on the left, remain in this spot.
Go through the door on the right, then turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk just past the table and then stop.
Go up the steps. Walk straight until you pass the kitchen. Continue straight until you get to a very large table with chairs.
Leave the room by exiting through the open double doors. Go down the stairs and stop on the second step from the top and wait there.
Walk forward and turn right when you pass the sign on the wall and to the right of the large painting of a man. Keep walking forward and exit out the last door on the left and stop.
Go past the couch towards the kitchen area. Go between the kitchen and dining room table through the door way in the center. Turn right into the bedroom. Stop in front of the closet.
Walk past the archway and around the pew; then stand between the third and forth podium , in front of the fifth seat.
Head straight into the kitche. Go past the island and cabinets. Stop just inside next room.
With the door leading outside behind you, walk forward and turn left to go down the corridor with the eye chart towards your right. Continue past the half bath on your left and the kitchen on your right, then turn left. Enter the bedroom ahead of your though the leftmost door on the opposite wall.
Travel to the window overlooking the garden on the opposite end of the billiard room.
Turn around and go to the left. Turn right and cross through the kitchen. At the end of the hallway stop.
Walk through the kitchen passed the sink and around the corner out into the hallway. Walk into the arched entry well to the left of the stairwell. Continue into the room with the armchair and bed.
Walk forward into the house and past the living room. Keep going forward into the dining room. Stop at the first corner to the dining table closest to the patio door.
Take the doorway on the right, turn right and walk straight through the double doors into the dining hall. Stop and wait near the clothed table.
Walk through the doorway, take a left through the 2nd doorway, stop right before the plant on the right side.
Continue up the flight of stairs to the landing, then climb one more flight of stairs. At the top of the second flight, continue forward and enter the room directly ahead.
Follow carpet bath into bedroom. Stop at the exiting door.
Go right and up two set of steps on the right. Turn right and wait near the bed.
Walk past the bed into the hallway.  Walk past the stairs and straight into the first room after passing the stairs.  Stop in the doorway to this bedroom.
Go to the newspaper rack Go to the post Go to the rugs on the table Go to the 2 metre high lamp.
Turn left and then turn right into the hallway. Walk straight until almost get to a room with a bookcase.Before you go to the room turn right and then turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink.
Leave the bedroom. Turn left into the hallway opposite the bookshelf. Go to the end of the hallway. Go left to the white couch.
Walk past the glass doors and left towards the island. Turn right and walk into the kitchen. Stop in front of the microwave.
Walk right past the clock and couch. Turn right and stop to the left of the end table.
Go right and head up the right side of the house. Go up one step then wait there.
Go up the stairs and turn left through the glass doors until you reach the first exercise machine.
Go through closest doorway. Walk towards tub, then go into room with toilet.
Locate the large painting above the teapot. Go through the door to the right of it. Pass the white couch and go through the door to the right of the fireplace. Travel to the brown couch with the pillow.
Turn to face ceiling lamp in the shape of a star. Walk toward lamp. Walk past lamp through hall. Walk past stairs. Continue through foyer past front door and wooden seat to go down next hall. Turn slight left at dark brown wooden arch. Walk through arch toward dining table. Stop before dining table.
Turn right and go straight past the bar with the stool/chairs. Wait near the ledge with the vase and white flowers.
Turn around and exit the room. Walk through the next doorway and then turn left. Walk down the stairs and stop on the platform with the white door.
you are in a closet, walk forward, turn right to walk out of closet into a bed room. turn right and see bath room, walk into bathroom and wait near the tub and sink.
Exit the bathroom, and walk through the closet. Make a left just before the bed. Exit the bedroom, and make a right. Walk through the open bedroom door on the right. Wait in the door's threshold.
Go straight and pass the antelope head then go left and go into the hallway then go left again and approach the stairs. Go straight into the room ahead and wait at the entrance.
exit the room then turn hard left, walk forward down the stairs and stop at the front of the bathroom.
Walk through the room, past the stairs and wait in the doorway to the dining room.
Walk up the stairs in front of you all the way to the top. At the top turn left and then left again to walk along the railing and stop when you enter the room on the end.
Go into the bathroom then exit through the other door on the left. Turn right and go out through the door on the right then go straight until you get near the top of the stairs.
Walk through double doors into the house. Continue around the dining table and through the entry way to the next room. Walk up to the couch and armchairs surrounding a coffee table.
Leave bedroom and enter hall, go straight down hall to kitchen. Stop at counter.
Exit the room by the smaller of the two doorways.  Turn right and go down the stairs.  At the landing, turn right, and go half way down the second flight of stairs.  Stop there.
Walk down stairs.  Walk down second set of stairs. stop at doorway.
Move ahead in between bar and table to the chair.
Enter the bedroom, and then exit on the far side of the bedroom. Walk across the hall and enter the adjacent bedroom.
Walk past the chairs and Jacuzzi tub. Walk right up the stairs through the doorway. Walk up the stairs and turn right. Stop in the doorway.
Exit room and turn left. Walk towards counter top and turn left at stairs. Go up 2 sets of stairs and turn right at doorway.
Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk to the left of the bed and turn left into the closet. Turn right and walk into the room with the toilet and stop.
Exit the sitting room and make a right. Walk past the urns on the floor. Make a hard right just after the stairs. Walk past the four photos of flowers on the right. Walk through the open door. Wait on the area rug.
Walk across kitchen to entry way, stop between vase and mirror.
Walk past the shelves and out of the garage. Stop in front of the opening to the wine cellar.
Leave the closet and take a left. Take another left and walk along the bed and take a left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
turn around and exit the closet. walk into the bedroom through the door on the right. turn left and go into the bathroom.
Go through the dining room, past the table. Turn right and go through the door onto the patio. Continue straight across the patio and wait at the door.
Go forward and make a left to the bottom of the stairs. Head up the steps and go left to head up the second set of steps. Wait near the stair landing.
Go down the stairs to the next floor. On the next floor take another right and go down the first section of stairs and stop on the landing in front of the room with the radiator visible.
Walk to the far end of the room, through the double doors and wait in the bedroom.
Turn around on the stairs and go down them.  Then go past the couch, veer to the right and towards the kitchen.  Stop and wait by the big counter.
Turn and follow the path of the rugs laid out on the floor past the bathroom. Your destination is a room with a bed that has a large wooden trunk at the end of it.
Go straight through the room and wait by the small pool on the floor.
Exit the closet and go straight until you get to the bed. Turn left and exit the room. Turn left and go into the bedroom. Wait at the entrance.
Walk forward and enter the next room.  Stop at the doors on the far side.
Turn around and walk towards the bookshelf. Once you reach the bookshelf turn right and walk down the hallway to the end and turn right. Stop at when you reach the narrow table.
Go to the right past the shelf with the vase, through the arched door towards the sink, through the next door, and into the excersise room, and wait.
Walk straight past the table and through the second doorway on the left.  Walk up two stairs and wait there.
Go ahead, through the kitchen area and stop after entering the last doorway.
Turn 90 degrees to the left. Walk through the doorway and down the hall. Pass through the archway, still walking straight. Keep straight throught the kithchen along the bar. Stop outside of the dinning room doorway.
Walk down the walkway to the bedroom, take a right, then stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk past the furniture and to the left of the stairs. Stop by the post at the top of the stairs.
Turn around and then turn right to walk all the way down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk up the stairs to the second landing. At the top take a right and enter the room. Step on the rug with the doorway on the left. Stop here.
Walk down the stairs, stop at the bottom.
Go down the hallway towards the stairwell. Stop at their base in front of the front door.
Turn around and walk to the chair, then take a right. Walk past the bed, and across the hallway, and stop in the doorway.
Walk past the couch and left through the room into the hallway. Walk past the microwave out of the room and stop.
walk through the doorway to the left of the small table with two chairs, walk straight down past art on your right, turn left and stop in the doorway.
Walk to the far end of the kitchen and wait by the dining table.
Exit the closet. Turn right. Go straight and then when you get to the double doors turn right. Wait near the sink.
walk up stairs. Turn left and walk to the double doors by the living room.
With the stairs leading downwards to your immediate right, move forward into the bedroom. Upon entering the bedroom, go left and enter the dressing area towards your left near the head of the bed. Counting counter-wise with the door to the immediate left of the opening to the bedroom being number one, go to the third door which will allow you access to the toilet.
Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn left and exit the bedroom into the hallway. Walk to the end of the of the hallway. and turn right. Walk into the bedroom straight ahead and stop.
Go to the NQHG poster. Go to the bookcase. Go to the double door closet. Go to the bedroom with the white bedspread.
Go through the doorway opposite outside. Go through the doorway next to the art on the wall and stop in front of the closet.
Walk down the hallway and walk into the kitchen and take a left at the island counter into the hallway and take a right into the dining room and walk through the dining room into the living room and stop nest to the edge of the couch  behind the end table.
Exit the bedroom and go down the hall slightly. Make a left into the last room down the hall. Go into that room and enter into the bathroom on the left hand side.
Go to the ottoman. Go to the bed. Go to the wardrobe. Go to the glass jug.
Turn toward the kitchen and walk through the doorway on the right.  Go into the room on the right that has the wall of mirrors.  Stop in front of the closet on the left.
Go straight, pass the piano and the pictures on the wall then turn left and head down the hallway then turn right and stop by the bed.
Go through the closest doorway to the couch. Go through the nearest doorway to the microwave.
Go straight past the table and chairs then turn left and continue to go past the table and chairs. Wait near the white antique furniture with the two chairs on on each side.
Leave the room, and take a right. Walk straight across the hall into the room across. Stop once you are in the room on the rug.
Go around the stairs into the hallway. Walk down the hallway until you reach the end, take a right, and stop at the entrance to the living room.
Walk up the steps and make a sharp turn left. Walk up the steps and into the room straight across. Stop just inside the room.
Enter the room to your right, then turn right.  Then walk forward until you reach the library.  Wait near the door.
Walk across dining room, turn slight right and enter set of double doors, stop in doorway.
Walk straight and then turn right to exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn left when you get to large glass doors on the right and wait near the clear vase with the white flowers.
Walk through the hall ahead past the glass door and the painting on the wall. Walk through the door near the painting and into the next hallway. Walk around the banister rails to the staircase. Walk down the first few stairs.
Follow the red carpet on the right side of the room. Follow it past the chairs and stop in the door way at the end of the room.
Turn left and enter the bedroom on the left. Turn left and walk all the way down the hallway until you reach a wall. Enter the bedroom to your left and stop.
Go forward in the direction of the bar stools, and take the first right. Go down the hall and take a right into the pantry. Stop once you enter.
Exit the room. Walk straight past the stairs and into the room ahead. Wait at the entrance.
You should walk down the red carpet and stop at the doorway of the next room.
Walk between the two counters in the kitchen and into another small room off the kitchen. Exit that room and make a slight right then another right. and wait in the bedroom.
Walk past the pool table and walk into the room with the fireplace. With the fireplace on your right walk down the walkway and stop at the end before you enter the next room.
Go into the arch and walk straight down the hallway until you get to the last door on the left. Go into the laundry room on the left and wait near the washer and dryer.
Walk with the table on your left, through the doorway into the kitchen. Turn right before the island and continue straight past the island. Walk through the doorway on the right, there will be steps on your left, walk down two stairs and stop.
Walk past the kitchen and through the first door on the right. Stop outside the closet door.
Walk through the archway to the right and into the bathroom. Wait in the room to the right with the toilet.
Walk up brown wooden steps, and head inside through sliding glass door.  Walk to couch.  Wait here.
Go straight into the door in front of you, turn left and then turn left again to go into the bathroom. Wait by the second sink.
walk forward and turn left, walk past the table, then wait near the doorway.
Exit the room. Turn left and walk straight toward the pool. Wait near the pool.
Walk forward along the railing to the balcony. Go past the cabinet on your left. Stop on the rug before you pass the first bed.
Turn left to face bed. Walk past bed and out of door. Walk across hall to next bedroom. Stop in doorway.
Exit the kitchen, enter the living room, wait between the pink couch and kitchen island.
walk through the doorway opposite of the fireplace, turn right and walk down the stairs turn right,  and walk down the second set of stairs, stop at the bottom.
Follow the red carpet straight and make the first left where the red carpet continues to go through the wooden doors. Wait outside of the room before entering through the wooden doors.
Walk to the other end of the lobby and wait near the exit.
Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway Go down the hall and enter the bathroom first on your left. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Turn left at top of stairs.  Walk forward into bedroom.  Continue straight, and turn left into bathroom.  Wait here.
Exit the closet, then turn right and leave the bedroom. Make a hard left and enter the kitchen. Turn Left and wait by the credenza.
Exit room towards through doorway with wooden secretary and table next to it. Continue straight and wait in front of ropes.
Turn around and go towards the bed. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Walk up the stairs and into the first doorway on your right. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk past the table and turn left. Walk past the stove and turn right. Walk out of the kitchen and turn left. Walk up the to the second step and stop.
Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once out turn left and head towards the sitting area. Once you reach that area turn left and enter the door to your right, beside the desk. Stop once you are in the doorway of the room.
Walk up the stairs and go straight. Stop next to the recliner that is next to the fireplace.
Turn left and walk across the hallway. Turn left again and walk across this hallway and wait by the bathtub.
Walk left past the island and into the dining room. Turn right through the entryway and then left past the microwave. Stop just inside the doorway.
Walk away from the couch, through the doorway and up the staircase on the left. Continue past the first landing, up the second set of stairs and stop.
Turn right to head down the hallway. Go to the end of the hallway and turn into the last bedroom on the left. Stop once in the door.
Walk past the dinning room table and enter the hallway. Then turn left and walk into  the kitchen. Stand near the oven.
Go up the stairs and turn left. Wait at the doorway to the bedroom straight ahead.
Walk past the bed, through the doorway.  You'll go past the top of the stairs and a mirror.  Keep going, through the white door.  You'll be in a bedroom.  Stop and wait just inside that room.
Walk up the stairway and turn right on the landing. Walk up the stairway and down the hallway. Turn right into the dinning room.
Walk through the vaulted hallway right next to you, and turn right, continuing through the opening that's just to the left of the stairs leading upwards. Continue forward, this time going through the door opening to the left of the mirror, stopping next to the bed on your right.
Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk through the kitchen and turn left.  Walk into the small room with a sink and stop near the sink.
Turn left and walk forward towards the white tub. Turn right towards the first room that is next to the white tub, not on the corner. Walk inside the room. There should be a toilet bowl visible, and stop there.
Go into the gym area. Exit the gym area and stop next to the two giraffes.
Exit the kitchen and wait in the hallway, outside the dining room.
Turn around and walk past the heiroglypics picture.  Walk up the steps and when you get to the landing, turn and continue up 3 more steps and then wait.
Go straight into the kitchen, turn left and go passed the bar. Go to the end of the hallway and stop in front of the sink and shelves.
Exit the closet. Turn right at the mirror. Go through the doorway. Go through the doorway on the right side and stand in front of the sink.
Walk past the stairs that go up. Go into the dining room and stop next to the glass dining table.
Go straight until you pass all the couches and chairs. Stop by the large picture of the bridge.
Leave the closet, and the bedroom. Go forward past the stairs. Enter the bedroom straight ahead. Stop in the doorway.
Walk out of the room keeping the fireplace on your left. Walk down the long corridor and stop once you reach the next set of doors.
Go up stairs, turn right and go into kitchen. Stop at circular counter with chairs.
walk through the doorway directly away from the chair, continue straight and turn right, immediately continue to the left into the pantry area. walk past the sink, fridge, oven, and stop before you get to the dining room table.
Exit the room. Turn right and then Turn left. Pass the kitchen and turn right. Wait near the large table with the chairs.
Walk forward with the entryway to outside on your left. Go through the far door in this room (the back right corner), and then through the far double wooden doors in the next room. Stop after going through these doors.
Walk out of the sauna into the pool room and take a left. Walk towards the bar and take a left going up the stairs into the hallway. Go up the next part of the stairs and take at the first right into the massage room. Stop just inside the doorway on the right.
Go straight into the atrium, turn right and go passed the stairs into the next hallway. Go straight into the bedroom and stop at the corner of the rug.
Walk past the sitting area to the fireplace. Wait in front of the fireplace.
Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go down to the bottom of the staircase. Turn immediately right and go to the bottom of the staircase and stop.
Head toward the round table and four chairs then make a left turn toward the kitchen and then turn right and stand by the kitchen sink.
Walk along the carpet. Turn left and enter the rightmost doorway. Wait on the first few steps of the stairs.
Keeping the closed door to your rear, traverse the long carpet until you walk passed the stairway leading up. You will then catch a glimpse of some stairs leading down and towards the outside. Go on and head down all of these stairs. Once at the bottom of the stairs, hang a right. Twist to the right and traverse the next set of stairs.Traveling quickly forward until your reach your destination of the display case. Stop moving until you are told next where to go.
Leave the room and make a left.  Walk down the hallway and make a right when you get past the bannister of the staircase.  Walk past the staircase, which will be on your right as you pass.  Walk through the doorway and stop.
Walk into the  nearest open double doors to the dining area that has a cupboard and candle lamps on top. Walk passed the dining table and through the open double doors on the other side that lead outside. Walk through the next set of double doors on the other side of the front entrance and back into the home.
Exit the room through the door on the right. Walk past the stairs and the bathroom and enter the room with the cardboard boxes. Stop by the doorway on the left that leads to the living room.
Exit the bedroom. Walk straight past the bathroom, then turn left. Walk straight toward the wall until you have to turn. Turn right and wait by the table.
Walk forward through the doorway, turn right, walk to the next doorway and wait.
walk towards top of the stairs, walk past stairs and turn right, walk through doorway turn right and stop once you walk through two glass doors.
Go around the table and to the right. Walk through the double doors leading into the house and turn left. Take a hard left and wait between the bottom of the stairs and the wall near the mirror on the left.
Walk toward and past the kitchen bar area. Continue forward and turn right just before the stairs that go down. Stop at the entrance to the area on your left with four white chairs, next to the table with the white flowers on it.
Walk down the long hallway next to the stairs, past the wine cellar and wait in the bedroom on the right.
Walk through the hallway and descend three steps. Continue through the doorway straight ahead and descend three more steps. Wait at the bottom of the steps next to the bar.
Go upstairs and wait in the doorway on the left.
Turn around and go left passed the table and chairs. Go through the door, and stop by the door mat to the next door.
Walk down the hall. Stop under the hanging light in the hallway.
Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hall, and walk straight. Take a left into the third entry way on your left and enter the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom.
Go up the steps. Turn right and go straight until you get to the phone and vase with flower. Then turn right. Wait in that room.
Walk out of the sauna. Walk by the Jacuzzi. Stop on the Jacuzzi control panel.
Go to the pottery. Go to the bar. Go to the microwave.
Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go straight through the door nearest the map picture.
Walk across the hall, through the bedroom and stop inside the en suite bathroom.
Turn around and walk out of the bathrooom passing the bathtub and closet. Walk into the hallway and continue passed the stairwell and into the room on the opposite side with an open door and temperature controls on the wall next to the door. Walk into the room which has a bed with a striped pattern on the headboard.
Go up the stairs. Take a left at the top of the stairs. Go into the bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Exit bathroom and turn right into kitchen. Stop before kitchen island.
Pass through the bedroom with the bed to your left. Move into the hallway just past the cream-colored curtain on the window. Move through the doorway. Move down the hallway and pass through the hall entryway. Continue forward, crossing another hallway running parallel. Move just past the lone bar stool on your left and then stop.
Go straight toward the stairs. When you get to the stairs on the left. Stop there.
Go straight into the bedroom and through the door in the back left corner. Stop by the railing.
Go out the door on the left, and turn left to go toward the bar. Go up the first set of stairs to your left.
Exit the bathroom, and turn left. Turn left at the bed and exit the room. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Go forward toward the windows. Go toward the the far couch, Stop next to the couch, in front of the windows.
Walk past the sofa and turn left down the hall. Make the first right Towards the next room and stop in front of the door to the sink.
walk forward with the railing on your right. In the bedroom take a right and enter the bathroom. Stand next to the toilet once in the bathroom.
Walk forward around the bed and out of the door on the left and into the office. In the office walk straight and take a right at the first hallway. In the hallway take a right into the hallway/entryway, and stop right next to the table on the right.
I would like you to move forward, heading toward the lounge chair. Pivot and continue the forward momentum, bearing slightly to the left. Turn towards your left and begin walking down the stairs. When you reach the third step from the landing, stick around here and wait.
Exit the room and turn right. Wait near the massage table.
Go to the closed door. Go to the electrical outlet. Go to the two brown pots. Go to the glass door.
Turn around and walk out of the room. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Exit the weight room and walk through the archway on the left. Wait in the kitchen near the range.
Walk forward to the end of the bed and turn right.  Walk across the room past the TV on the left and stop in the hall, in front of the closet door.  Turn right and walk into the bathroom stopping in front of the bathtub, just beyond the doorway.
Walk straight. Pass the fireplace on your right. When you get to the pool table turn left and wait.
With the fireplace to your right, walk straight past the big potted plant and up the stairs.  Stop at the very top of the stairs.
Walk by the treadmill into the living room. Turn left at the couch. Walk to the end of the couch and turn right. Walk along the couch until there is a large archway on the left side. Walk through the large archway on the left side. Wait by the vase of flowers on the tile.
Walk forward down the hall past the table on the left. Continue going forward to you reach the open doorway to the left. Turn left and walk forward, stop in front of the doorway to the bathroom. Turn right and enter that hallway stop and wait in front of the sink on your right.
Go toward the white table on the patio.  Turn right and go inside through the sliding doors.  Go through the room with television and into the kitchen.  Stop nest to the stove and island in the kitchen.
Exit the room. Turn right and go straight until you get to three vases. Continue straight and go up four steps of the stairs on the right.
Go straight until you pass the couches and the table then turn right and go inside. Wait near the grey couches.
Walk towards the kitchen area. Keep walking along the kitchen area towards the doorway. Turn right and exit the kitchen area walking across the small living room area and into the bedroom to you left.
Walk to the other side of the patio and enter the building through the sliding glass doors turn right and wait in the dining area.
Exit the room, and walk forward, and enter the room that is next to the stairs. Walk inside the room, and stop there.
Go straight and exit the room. Turn right and go into the room next door. Wait near the bed.
Turn around and go to your right. Turn right and go passed the painting. Then go left to go into the bar area. Pass the bar and go towards the dining table. Stop in the dining room near the table.
Walk down the red carpet and turn right at the bed.  Stop under the door frame.
Go up the stairs and take a left. Enter the office through the french doors. Stop in the doorway.
Head into the kitchen, follow along the stove wall through to hallway. Stop and wait near the telephone.
Pass the fridge on the right and go up the steps then turn right and wait right at the top of the steps that go down.
Make a right and head down hallway,  make a right and head toward the staircase, and wait and second step.
walk out of the bathroom and down the hall.  Turn right at the end of the hallway.  Walk past the piano. Stop under the large chandelier by the violin.
Exit the room into the hallway, then turn left. Continue forward and turn left at the base of the stairs. Pass by the stairs leading up on your right and stop at the top of the short flight of stairs leading down ahead of you.
Walk into the kitchen, walk past the stove, wait near the telephone.
Turn left, go forward out of the kitchen, turn right and go forward through the dining and living rooms, take a hard right through the door and wait there.
Walk past the stairs going up and continue forward to the stairs going down.  Stop on the first step down.
Leave the bathroom and take a right. Walk down the hallway into the entry way and stop next to the console table on the right, and the banister to the stairs on the right.
Go up the stairs and take a right. Wait in the doorway.
Walk through the kitchen. Walk through the archway to the left of the stove. Wait at the framed landscape painting.
Exit the room and turn left, head toward the kitchen and turn right. Go through the kitchen and out the door. Wait right at the bathroom door.
Go down hallway towards the two white vases. When you have a staircase towards your right, turn left towards the dining room. Go past bar lined with chairs and wait in front of the long dining room table.
Turn around, walk out the door on the right, and walk across the hall into the bedroom on the left.
Turn around and walk towards the stairs. Walk down the first flight of stairs. Continue down the second flight of stairs and stop in the middle of the little hallway at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk all the way across the room. Stop by the doorway.
Walk up the stairs and through the door inside on the left.  Walk through the building towards the kitchen and start to go up the stairs on the left of the refrigerator.  Stop on the first step.
Exit the bedroom. Go to the large rug and stand on it.
Turn around and exit the room to the right of the TV. Once out turn left and walk to the end of the hallway and then turn right. Walk down the hallway past the piano and then stop when you enter the next doorway and the floor is in a circle pattern.
Go down the hallway and past the stairs, into the room across form the stairs and stand in the doorway.
Turn left and take a right at the table. Take a left at the painting and then take your first right. Wait next to the exercise equipment.
Walk toward the sign that says "Viaggio in oriente". Turn right before it, where the red path splits. Follow the path straight and stop in the first doorway.
Turn left and walk toward the stairs on the right. Go up the stairs and stop at the top.
Go to the far end of the kitchen and wait in the sitting area.
Turn around and enter the house. Once inside, walk across the room and out the last door on the right. Once you walk into this room, turn left and walk through the door to the right of the fireplace. Stop in the doorway.
Turn around and walk towards the large clock. Once you reach the clock, turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk straight across the bedroom and into the small door in front of you. Stop once you enter the closet.
Exit the room using the door on the right then turn right and go up the stair until you get four steps from the top then stop.
With the red ropes to your right, walk down the room on the red carpet past the display.  Turn left when another red carpet meets the one you are on in a right angle.  Stop on the carpet where these two directions of carpet meet.
Walk forward, and take a left. Go down the hall and take a right before you enter the office. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop once you are in the bedroom.
Leave the bedroom and take the first right into a hallway. Take a right at the end of the hall and enter the foyer. Stop before you reach the mirror.
walk around the sofa then walk straight at the island table.
Turn around and enter the small doorway to your left beside the vase. Once you enter, turn right and enter the first door on your right beside the stairs. Stop in the entryway. .
Walk out of the fitness room and take a left.  Go forward into the kitchen and walk towards the doors at the end. Stop once you are out of the kitchen and standing on the tile floor.
Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk through the doorway on the right and stop in front of the bed.
turn hard left toward dinning area. walk past kitchen towards the living room. turn right by couch and walk down hallway and turn left  and go into the lounge.
Exit the office into the hallway, proceed past the stairs and through the entry to the great room. Then turn right and wait by the end table.
Go down the hallway past the large framed artwork and table, turn towards the eye chart, forward, and stop in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk through the opening next to the built-in shelves. Go down the stairs and stop at the bottom next to the double wall switches.
Go up the three steps then go straight until you get to the room and stop by the bed.
Go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs step on the rug. Stop on the rug close to the window on the right.
Turn around. Walk forward, past the large cabinet on the right. Stop two feet in front of the end table which has three drawers.
Walk through the doorway to the left of the wooden bench, walk through second doorway on the leftside, walk towards dining table and stop right before it.
Walk down steps, walk towards the bed.  Walk on the left side of the bed and walk through archway, and stop in the under the archway.
TURN RIGHT TO FACE THE END OF THE BED AND WALK TOWARDS THE CHAIR, TURN RIGHT AND WALK TOWARDS THE OPEN DOOR AND THE HALLWAY, WALK ACROSS THE HALLWAY AND TO THE NEXT OPEN DOORWAY, WALK THROUGH THE DOOR AND INTO THE CLOSET.
Walk through ght hallway, to the right of the clock. Walk through the doorway, to the right of the stairs. Walk down the couple of steps, and stop at the bottom.
Walk to the front of the fireplace.
Walk past the railings and over the square rug.  Keep following the railings and walk across the round rug that is in the 11 o'clock position from the end of the square rug.  Stop after passing over the round rug, just before some stairs going down.
Leave the dining room, walk through the living room, and wait by the pool table.
Walk up the stairs to the left. Continue straight and walk up the next set of stairs. Turn into the first room on the right and wait near the massage table.
Go straight until you can turn left then turn left and left again going into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Turn left. Turn right when you get to the glass panels. Wait next to the table with the book, purse, and hat on it.
Walk downstairs and wait inside the second door on the left.
Go straight along the dining table and then down the path in between the kitchen counters and sofas. Continue straight ahead, stopping next to the mirror before the front door.
Stand with the windows facing outdoors on your left and walk down the hallway.  When you get to the white planter at the end, turn left.  Stop in the middle of the room on the circular floor mosaic.
Keep walking down the stairs past several doorways and wait at the entrance to a room with a glass painting.
Walk down the stairs. Walk forward and stop next to the door that is next to the recycling bin.
Walk to the oven, turn left, walk to the lattice gate, turn right, enter the office, wait at the desk.
Go forward down the hallway. Take a right in the office. Go into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway.
Walk clockwise around the bed and exit the room through the door to the hallway on the left side of the bed.  Stop after stepping on the rug in the hallway.
Walk forward to the sitting area to the right of the stairs. Walk to the wall of windows and take a right into the recreation room and stop before you reach the pool table.
Turn around, turn left at closet door. Take another left at bedroom door. Stop inside the second bedroom doorway.
walk straight to hallway on right. turn right and follow hallway, at the end of hallway turn slight left and enter living room. Stop at couch.
Walk up the steps and continue on into the massage room and wait there.
Walk past sisal carpet runner. Wait at open white door.
Walk through the sitting room and down the hall. Wait in the hall near the kitchen.
Exit the sitting room and turn left. Take the first turn to the right.Go straight and then turn left at the shelf. Walk into the first door on the right.
Walk past the bar and make a hard right into the walkway next to the jacuzzi. Wait just inside the door.
Walk straight all the way ahead passing both the semi circle brown tables on the right. Stop in front of the four beige cushioned sofa seats that are placed in a circle.
Go straight and then turn to the right and go to the bathroom door.  Go through the doorway and walk through the bathroom to the other door.  You will then be in a gym.  Stop when you get into this room and wait.
Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Leave the bedroom and go into the hallway. Stop at the edge of the table under the mirror in the hall.
Walk along the narrow rug past the statue on the table, and go up two steps. Wait on the third step.
Go upstairs, turn right, walk into the bedroom, walk towards the night stand on the left side of the bed, turn left, walk towards the white rug, while facing the closet turn right into  the second door, stop in front of the toilet.
Turn around and exit the room. Turn left and exit the room on the left. Then Stop in the doorway.
Walk forward down the hall with the row of doors on the left. Once you pass the second set of doors and windows stop in the middle of the hall across from the sitting area.
Staying on the red carpet, go through the ornate doors next to you and continue forward through the next room until just before the carpet path splits off at a forty-five degree angle to the left and a ninety degree angle to the right.
Leave the bedroom, turn left, walk through the entryway, turn right, walk through the kitchen, then wait in front of the bathroom.
Go up the stairs and straight forward through the doorway. Turn right, move forward, and enter the doorway on the right. Move forward into the bathroom and stop in front of the toilet.
Turn left and walk straight. Wait at the end of the hallway.
Turn left and walk past the kitchen and then through the living room.  Turn right at the eye chart and stand next to the bathroom door.
Exit the bathroom and turn right. Continue straight down the hall until you reach the kitchen.
After you walk up the stairs make a right and walk up the second flight of stairs. Then make a left and walk to the sixth step and wait.
Head down the stairs and take a left through the archway.  Go through the wooden archway and stop next to the table and behind the couch.
Turn left until you face four chairs around an ottoman and a vase of flowers in front of a mirror on the right. Walk forward past the ottoman and towards the patio doors. Turn right at the patio doors and walk down the hallway through an archway until you come to a basket of sports balls on the floor with paintings on the wall.
Go around the table turn right and exit the kitchen. Turn left and go up two steps of the stairs.
Turn right on the second arch. Turn left. Pass the kitchen. Wait near the fireplace.
Enter the dining room and walk to the other end. Go through the double doors on the right. Walk straight across the walkway and wait outside on the mat.
Walk out of the bedroom and take a right into the bathroom. In the bathroom take your first right  into the water closet and stop in front of the door.
Exit the dining room. Wait in the doorway on the right.
Go down the hall with the piano and take a left at the end. Take the first left In the bedroom. Step on the carpet halfway between the nightstand and tv stand and stop.
Leave the bathroom and walk straight into the hallway. Go straight and enter the office in the second door on your left.
Turn around and go through the door. Turn right and continue down the red carpet. Stop at the end of the hall and the door.
Go past pug and chair into next room. Go straight past table and stop at doorway.
Turn Left. walk through bedroom. walk down stairs and go to entrance.
Walk straight toward the bar with the chairs/stool. Turn left and go straight until you get to three tables with chairs. Turn left and wait near the couch.
Walk behind the couch towards the kitchen. Enter the kitchen.  Walk towards the doors that go outside.  Turn left when you reach the doors. Walk down the hallway past the kitchen.  Stop where the four hallways intersect.
Walk around the bed and enter the hallway. Wait there.
Turn left and walk down the hallway. When you reach the black chair at the wall, turn left. Once you turn left walk forward and enter the next room on your left. Stop once you are behind the first yellow chair.
Walk along the kitchen counter passed the bar stools. Continue forward through the arched entry way ahead near the stairs. Walk into the bedroom with an armchair near the window.
Exit the shower and to down the stairs. Go straight and turn left in the last door on the left. Wait by the table with the two chairs.
Go straight into the bedroom, walk towards the bed, turn left, go straight towards the glass shower, stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk down the tiled floor passed the kitchen counter. Continue passed the living room area and into the hallway ahead. Continue walking ahead towards the front door of the home with wall art hanging up.
Walk out of the bedroom and into the hall. Take a right in the hall past the stairs and enter the room. Take a left before the bed and take a left into the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet.
Walk straight and pass the couches then pass the white table with the four chairs and stop by the brick wall.
Go through the doorway to the left of the window and enter the bedroom.  Turn left in the bedroom and leave the bedroom.  Stop after passing through the doorway leaving the bedroom.
Turn right and exit the bathroom. Once out, turn right and walk forward and then enter the door on the right beside the desk and stop.
Head a bit ahead and towards the double doors on the left towards the kitchen. Stop upon reaching the counter.
Exit the closet. Turn right. Turn left and then turn left again. Walk toward the large table and chairs then wait there.
Walk through the bedroom and out of the door into the hallway. Walk down the hall along the banister rail through the open door. Continue into the bedroom with a round mirror on the wall and butterfly sculpture.
Turn around and walk out of the closet and take a right and walk out of the bedroom. Take a left and walk strauight. Wait in front of the couch.
Go straight ahead to the other side of the kitchen and stop right at the beginning of the long brown table.
In the entry way go up the stairs and in the hallway at the top take a left and go past the dining room into the entry way with the stairs on the right side and stop right between the bottom of the first stair and the console table on the left.
Exit and the bathroom and turn left.  Walk past the white rug and into the bedroom. Stop at the nightstand with the round clock and the lamp by the bed.
Walk straight past the table and turn right to go between the kitchen counters and walk straight past the refrigerator into the pantry and stop halfway between the two shelves on the right.
With your back faced towards the doorway leading outside, walk through the door with the wooden frame and into the kitchen area. Take an immediate right and walk into the kitchen area. There should be counter tops on either side of you. Walk past the fridge and sink and through the door. Once past the door you should see the entrance of a bathroom and there you will reach your destination.
Walk past the chair and up the stairs. Walk down the hall way and up the stairs. Stop in the first doorway on the right.
Walk across the room toward the bedroom. Stop just inside the doorway.
Leave this sitting room and head towards the kitchen. Enter the pantry through the first door on the left. Stop once you pass the archway.
Exit the room. Turn left and go straight into the room. Wait near the entrance.
Go straight passed the fridge on your left, through the doorway, turn right, and then turn right again and go straight into the doorway and stop.
Face the indoor grill and turn right. Walk straight through the door way.  Walk passed the microwave on the left. Walk through the doorway and stop beside the door.
Turn to your left and walk to the black chair alone at the wall and turn left. Then turn right to walk down the hallway. Walk into the first room on your left and stop behind the first chair.
Walk forward, then turn left immediately after the kitchen counter.  Continue straight through the kitchen until you reach the second sink.  Wait here.
After you go down the steps U turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to two vases on the floor.Turn right and walk straight until you get to another room. Wait at the entrance.
Go down the hallway, turn left in the circle room, go into the doorway before the mirror and take a few steps in and stop.
Go straight and enter the first door on the right. Continue down the red carpet and enter the second set of doors, stopping inside the bedroom.
Exit through double doors, walk along the red carpet to the other end of the room. Wait by the second set of double doors.
Walk into and through the kitchen. Stop next to the long wooden dining table.
Turn right at  stairs and go down them. Stop between the bathroom and laundry rooms.
Go up the stairs and turn left at the top  Walk through the glass door and stop when you step inside the exercise room on the other side.
Walk across the room past the table and chairs and into the hallway. Walk into the first door on the right and stop.
Walk down the hallway straight ahead. Pass by the shelf area with potted plants and continue forward past the open room with couches. Walk into the open doorway ahead into a living room area. Pass by the barstools and counter and continue over to the dining room table.
Enter the room directly in front of the stairs. Go into the closet, and continue into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink.
Exit the room then head toward the black furniture straight ahead. When you get to it turn right and head all the way down passing the kitchen. Stop after you pass the kitchen.
Walk past the table and chairs. Turn slightly left and continue straight into the kitchen. Wait there.
Exit the bedroom. Turn left continue down the hallway until you get to the stairs. Wait there.
Walk along the red carpet away from the painting, with the chairs on your right. Turn the corner, following the red carpet. Stop just before the double doors, on the opposite corner from your starting position.
At the bottom of the stairs, go through the nearest archway to your left. Head straight until you enter the room with a pool table. Step slightly to the left to get out of the way.
Walk until you reach the brown dresser with the vase on top of it, turn righ, take a left  and walk through the first doorway, stop immediatly after the doorway.
Facing the "ART" sign on the floor, go left, go through the brown double doors, step up on to the platform between the pool and the three lounge chairs and stop.
Go forward by the windows, and then stop by the lamp.
Turn left and exit the bedroom.  Walk down the hallway then turn left and enter the sitting room on your left.  Wait by the chair.
Turn left and walk down the hall. Enter the foyer and stand in the middle.
Make a right at the top of the stairs and go into the bedroom then make a left. Make another left to leave the bedroom then make a slight right and go to the doorway of the room to the right of the closet and wait.
Go past the closet and exit the room, Walk through the hall and continue on past the microwave. Stop in front of the sink.
walk into hallway, turn left and enter kitchen walk straight down kitchen into hallway. stop facing bathroom.
Go alongside the pool towards the bar directly in front of you.
walk away from the pool, up the three marble steps to the left of the bar, walk through the doorway, up three more steps, and stop in the doorway on the right.
Walk down hallway, turn right at stairs going down and continue into living room.
Go straight into the dining room. Walk through the door on the right on the wall straight ahead. Stop in the doorway.
Exit the bathroom and walk down the hall to the second doorway on your left.  Turn left and enter the room through that doorway.
Turn to go past the stairs and straight down the hallway towards the bathroom. Stop when reaching the double doors.
Leave the bathroom and turn right.  Walk straight until you enter the kitchen area and stop in front of the island counter.
walk towards yellow chair and turn right, walk past couch and straight through doorway towards dining table, walk on left side of dining table through double doors, walk over one doormat, stop on the second doormat.
Turn around and go passed the couch, then turn left and take an immediate right passed the painting. Turn left and go straight through the first door on the left.
Walk around the table and exit the room.  Walk down the first set of stairs. Wait there.
Go down the hallway to the right of the four pictures side of the hallway, turn right into the first archway and go straight, at the end of the hallway turn right and take a step into the room and stop.
Exit bathroom to bedroom, stop at bed.
Walk past the bed and out the door to exit the bedroom. Once out the bedroom, you will find two doors in front of you. Walk towards the door on the left and you will find yourself at the entrance of a bedroom; that is your destination.
Walk past the short side of the table and chairs. Walk through the open area into the room with a round table. Turn left and stand in the doorway.
Walk past altar book stands. Wait under wooden rafter.
Walk forward into the kitchen. Continue through the kitchen and exit into the living room. Stop next to the table behind the sofa.
Stand so the foot of the bed is to your right and walk out of the room, going past a big mirror on the way.  Once outside walk straight until you see an open door to a bedroom on your left.  Walk into the room and stand at the foot of the bed with the bed behind you.  Walk through the doorway on the left into the closet.  Stop in this doorway.
Walk down hall, at the end of the hall turn right into butler's pantry.
With the sink at your back walk out of the bathroom and into the hallway and into the pantry across from the bathroom and straight into the kitchen and at the end of the kitchen take a left into the closet with the sink stopping next to the tall cabinet on the left.
Move to the far left corner of the table Proceed to the doorway to your right walk into the kitchen with the stove on your right proceed forward until the fridge is on your left proceed forward once more until there is a small sink on your left and shelves on your right.
Go towards the dining room table. Go out on the entryway and cross to the other side of the hallway beside the entryway.
Walk out of bathroom and stand on white bath mat.
Exit bathroom and follow hallway through archway directly in front. Turn right when hallway ends at pictures and table. Follow hallway passed piano and stop in the circle on the hallway floor.
Head out of the shower and out of the bathroom.  Go toward the bedroom.  Go in the bedroom and stop at the side of the bed.
Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and to the top of the stairs. Step to the third step down and stop.
walk away from fireplace, through the doorway on the left side of the bed, continue straight, turn left through doorway to bathroom and stop.
Turn left and walk straight down the long hallway towards the windows. Once you pass the bar area, turn right and enter the living room. Stop in front of the doors leading outside.
Walk into the hallway and at the top of the stairs turn left and walk into the bedroom.  Walk past the right side of the bed and turn right into the closet and all the way through to the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet in the bathroom.
Turn right and head towards the end. Once you reach the end make a right and stop.
Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk to the left of the railing and across the hall past the plant. Stop to the left of the stairs.
Continue down the red carpet path past the white statue of two people in the corner two the right. Stop on the path with the two vases on the ground to your right.
Turn left and then turn right. Turn left and walk into the bedroom and wait there.
Going down the stairs take a right and go down the next set of stairs and at the bottom of the stairs take a left into the dining room stopping just inside the doorway.
Walk up the remainder of the way up that flight of stairs, then continue up the second flight of stairs until you reach a landing with four rooms.  Turn right and walk down that hallway into the room at the end of the hall.  Stop in the room with boxes in it, next to the door leading to another room and near the fireplace.
Walk towards the silver refrigerator.  Walk up the steps on the left.  Wait at top of stairs.
Walk through the doorway into the dining room and walk straight back to the door leading outside. When you get to the door make a right and walk down the hallway. Walk straight down the hall and wait in the doorway of another dining area.
Exit sitting room and go straight to steps. Take steps down. turn right at landing and continue down steps. Stop in the hallway.
Turn right at the post and walk forward alongside the glass doors on the left. Wait in front of the pool table.
Leave the kitchen and walk into the living room. Walk through the living room towards the doors in the entry way. Stop on the stone with the pillar on your right.
Turn around facing room with chandelier. Go through hallway between island and stove, walk to the left, towards first dining room, then through there towards second dining room. Take a few steps then stop at the rug.
Walk out the double wood doors in front of you. Once out the room, walk forward and then turn left and enter the double wood doors straight ahead. Stop once you reach the doorway facing the large table.
Leave the room into the hall and go straight. Head towards the stairs. Stop on the round rug next to the flowers.
Turn around and walk to the right to enter the hallway. Go all the way down the hallway to the end and turn right. Stop once you enter the room.
Turn around and walk down the red rug and cross the room. Stop once you enter the next room and stop.
Go right around the counter and turn left. Continue until you are at the end of the second orange couch.
Enter the bedroom.  Turn left and exit the bedroom through the door.  Wait by stairs.
Walk forward down the hall, and take a left at the hall. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop once you are on the rug next to the bed.
Go through the room and take a left through the doors, toward the stairwell. Go down the stairs a bit and stop in front of the door leading outside.
Walk out of the kitchen, past the oven, past the sofas towards the fireplace.  Stop at the doorway facing towards the next sitting room facing the dining room table.
Turn right and walk through both doorways. Keep walking and wait at the top of the stairs.
walk forward towards the stairs and take a right. Take a right near the bed into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk up the stairs.  Walk forward through living room, past the wooden support pole.  Stop in front of the chair and futon.
Turn around and walk through the small archway, turn hard right, then stop and wait in the hallway.
Walk past the pool until you get to the bar.  Walk up the three stairs and stop in the doorway.
With the bench on your left walk forward in the hall and take a right into the kitchen area and take a left into the bathroom and a right into the work out room stopping in front of the door on your right.
Walk downstairs and wait by the exterior door near the potted palm.
Exit the area though the double arched doors nearest you and continue forward into the bathroom ahead of you. After entering the bathroom, go to the right into the small room with the toilet.
Walk up the steps and turn left. Stop just inside the fitness room.
Leave the pool and walk up three steps next to the bar. Walk up three more steps. Immediately turn right and wait just inside the massage room.
Exit the bedroom, and walk forward. Turn left at the corner, and make another left inside the room that has the big black alphabet frame on the wall in the outside. Enter the room and stop there.
Go between the counters, turn left, turn right, and stop before the display and dining room.
Walk straight to the left and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Facing the curio cabinet, enter the bedroom to the left. Walk past the bed into the bathroom. Wait by the bathroom vanity.
Go up the stairs on the left and and continue to the doorway on the right. Enter in to the room and stop.
Walk counter clockwise around the big table in the kitchen.  Stop at the corner of the table on the far right from where you started.
Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Continue down the hallway until you get to a stairs. Turn left and go up the first step.
Head down the hallway.  Turn right once past the couch.  Turn right and stop in the pantry next to the sink.
Walk to the end of the hallway, pass the bathroom and wait by the laundry room.
Walk up stairs. At top of stairs turn right. Walk straight to bedroom. Turn left and walk to bed lamp.Turn left and enter closet. Stop at rug.
Go straight and then turn right into the hallway. Go all the way down the hall until you get to a room on the right. Wait there.
Walk straight until you get to a porch. Go up the steps of the porch and into the house using the glass double doors. Wait near the tv.
Turn around and walk out of the room into the hallway. Walk down the hallway and then turn left in the first hallway on on your left. Walk into the hallway and turn left into the kitchen storage area and stop right before you reach the sink.
Walk towards the mirror, and take a right. Walk straight through the open door in front of you. Make a hard left, then another. Wait by the long table.
Leave the bedroom and go into the den and take your first right into a hallway. A the end of the hallway take a left and go into the sitting room on the right.
Exit the kitchen heading towards the small dining nook and turn right. Continue forward and take the entrance ahead and to the right. Wait at the corner next to the end of both couches.
Turn ro your left and exit into the hallway. Turn left and enter the bedroom and then turn left and enter the closet.
Go down the stairs and take a right and stop in the hallway before you are under the star chandelier.
Go to the bed. Go to the shelf. Go to the flower alcove. Go to the stairs. Go down two stairs.
Walk straight then turn left. Walk past three chairs on the right and wait near the last fourth chair.
Exit the bathroom, go up the stairs, turn right, walk down the hall, enter the room at the end of the hall, wait at the sculpture.
Turn right and go down the hallway. Pass the couches and then turn right. Wait near the coffee table.
Go towards the middle doorway, straight in front of you and stop at the arch.
Exit the sewing room. Turn right. Go toward the glass cabinet with the dolls in it. Turn into the doorway on the left. Pass the bed and go through the next doorway on the left into the bathroom. Wait by the sink.
Go down the stairs. Turn right and continue going down the stairs. Walk straight and slightly right down the hallway.Go into the room on the right. Wait there.
Exit the room then turn right and go down the stairs and turn right and go down the other stairs then stop.
Walk forward towards the stairs.
go past the window on your left and exit the dining room. Enter the kitchen and turn right passing to the left of the island. Go straight and stop between the wall unit and end table.
Walk  forward through the middle archway looking down a hallway, and stop.
Walk on into the kitchen and turn to the right.  Walk past the staircase, behind the chairs.  Walk to the right of the pillar.  Stop and wait by the footstool.
Walk up the steps and turn left. Walk toward the front door and turn right at the steps. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the steps.
Go straight pass the couches on the left. Turn left and go down the stairs on the left. Go down three steps then stop.
Walk towards the kitchen and go through the kitchen into the hallway. Stop in the hallway next to the phone and answering machine.
Go up the stairs. Turn left and go into the glass doors. Wait at the entrance.
Go up the small staircase. Turn right, Go to the second stair going down and stop.
Walk upstairs into the kitchen. Wait in the doorway to the dining area.
Turn right and exit the bathroom. Walk down the hallway once you pass the wine cellar, keep to the right to enter the next hallway. Go to the end of that hallway and turn to stop on the bottom step of the stairs.
Walk down the stairs and turn hard left at the landing. Wait on the rug, near the doorway.
Turn towards a large wooden manel, go forward through a doorway and continue down a red carpet between rope barriers until you reach the next doorway, facing a large bed,and stop.
Go straight down the hall and go up the stairs. Stop at the 3rd step.
Go to the vases on the right side of the staircase. Go down to the bottom of the nearest staircase.
Walk past the sink, and through the open door. Make a hard left at the closed brown and frosted glass french doors, and then a hard right.. Walk past the kitchen, and wait near the sofa end table.
Walk past outdoor living room. Make right at outdoor dining. Walk to chair in tv room. Wait at threshold to dining room.
Walk down the hall parallel to the stairs and turn right.  Keep walking straight until you enter a  room with a couch and leather footstool in the middle.  Stop just after stepping into this room.
Walk downstairs and walk into the room on your left.  Stop just inside the room on the corner of the rug.
Walk down hall from sitting room until it ends and turn right. Stop between mirror and art.
Walk out of the bathroom past the sink and shower. Walk through the arched doorway down the hall with the throw rug. Walk into the room with wooden closet doors and two ceiling lamps.
Go to the kitchen, then to the dining room table inside.
Walk through the kitchen, enter the dining room, walk to the doorway to the right of the dining room table, wait at the glass table.
Walk up stairs, turn left and stop in bedroom.
Exit the room and walk straight ahead down the hallway. Stop in the area between the living room and dining room.
walk straight past Tv, past fridge, up 5 stairs and stop at the top.
Turn to face black door. Walk forward. Turn right to walk past stairs. Stop in front of door on right.
Walk past the bathtub, through the doorway, and turn at your first doorway on your right. Walk into the closet and stop immediatly.
Make a 360 degree turn and walk past the paintings and the bed to the door at the back right of the bedroom. Once out of the bedroom, continue straight past the painting until you reach an open room. Make a 2:00 turn and you've reached your destination.
Walk down the hall to the last bar bench. Make a right into the connecting hallway. Make a left at the opening of the first room.
Go down the stairs and turn right 180 degrees and follow the hall. Go through the doorway at the end of the hall. Take the first right and stand in the doorway of the bedroom with a large black-framed mirror sitting on the ground leaning against a wall.
Follow the hallway to the end with the archway. Go through the archway and stop.
Leave the room, and take a left. Go into the sitting room through the door on the right. take a right into the room with the statue, and the model house. Stop once you enter the room.
Walk past the couch and turn left. Walk into the hall and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and stop by the closet.
Exit the room into the hallway and go up the stairs. Stop on the second landing.
Head toward the stairs, pass the stairs and go to the other stairs that go down. Go down two steps and stop.
Walk towards the stairs. Stop in the middle of the tile mosaic in this room.
Facing the refrigerator walk straight between the counters, and take a right. Past the counters, in the hall take a  left and go down the hallway and go forward. Keep going straight, into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. In the room walk forward to the rug and stop once you are on the rug.
Stand with the wooden door behind you.  Walk straight, past the oven and through the door to the next room.  Walk through the room past the sink and microwaves.  Stop after passing through the last doorway of the room with the microwaves and into the hall.
Go up the steps. Go into the house using the sliding doors on the left. Go straight until you get to the fridge and wait there.
Turn around and enter the bedroom straight ahead. Wait just inside the doorway.
Walk along the poolside past the armchairs. Continue around the edge of the pool past the railings. Walk towards the open door with the two chairs up against the wall next to its entrance. Walk through the open doorway and into the spa area with fountains on the walls.
Go up the steps and straight until you get to a room on the right. Turn right and wait near the coffee table.
Walk forward through the doorway, stop and wait in the hall.
Exit out of the room through the door. Walk straight towards another door that is on the right of you, passing the stairs. Enter the room walk ahead and turn right at the first corner, and stop in front of the animal showpiece.
Turn around. Go Straight through the doorway,.
Walk down the hall to the left of the clock and turn right. Walk past the picture and stop in front of the chair.
Go forward and wait in tront of the sink.
Follow red carpet to open door on left. Continue through next room into big hall. Stop at checkered floor.
Go straight until you get to the closet and go into the closet on the left. Go straight into the bathroom and wait there.
Turn around and go past the dining area, turn to the right and past the couch.  Then go down the hall way a little bit and then turn left into the living room.  Stop right there and wait.
Exit the bedroom and stop on the gray rug near the rustic shelf with numbers on it.
Travel to the end of the hallway where there is a vase on the table. Take a left and go forward until you reach the open doorway on the left. Move forward into the open doorway.
Exit the dining room through the double doors on the far right. Stop outside the doors and wait.
Turn to the right and go out the bathroom door.  Turn to the right a little more.  Go through the galley kitchen.  Walk between the stove and the island.  When you get past the island, stop, and wait.
Leave the room and turn left.  Walk a few steps and then turn left again and walk past the stairs.  Walk down the hallway and stop when the doors to the bathroom and laundry room are in front of you.  Do not enter either room, just stop in front of the doors.
Exit the bedroom, enter the bathroom, wait at the toilet.
Go to the clock on the wall. Go between the blue couch and counter. Go to the table with a plant on it.
Walk up two flights of stairs and continue onto the long rug in the hallway. Stop in the middle of the long rug and turn left. Enter the room and wait on the pink rug next to the lamp that is sitting on a cabinet.
Walk down the hallway towards the windows. Pass the kitchen and keep going. Take a right and stop next to the rug in front of the couch.
Turn toward your left and walk to the grey fence at the side of the yard.  At the fence, walk along the side of the yard going towards the house.  When you get to the sidewalk that runs along the side of the house, walk up one step and then stop before you walk up the second step.
face the fridge, turn left, walk straight past stove and sink,turn left in first doorway, turn right and walk through door, stop in front of the doorway to the closet on your left.
Exit sitting room, turn left and go up stairs. At landing turn left and go up stairs. Stop at top of stairs.
Walk out of the laundry room into the hallway. Walk along the hallway passed the windows towards the entryway at the end of the hall. Continue through the arched entryway and into the kitchen area, stopping near the island counter top.
Turn around and walk out of the bathroom. Walk into the closet and wait there.
Exit bathroom and turn left, go through door and turn left, walk through door and go past rails, turn left at door and wait there.
Walk forward, in between sofa and kitchen counter.  Continue straight until you reach a wooden table with two red squares on top.  Wait here.
Face the walkway with a kitchen counter with bar stools on the right and large windows on the other side and walk past them towards a large dining table  Turn to the sitting area and stop.
Walk across the room to the open door.  Go to the left towards the stairs then go downstairs.  Stop in front of the open door that leads outside.
Turn left and walk past the sink. Turn left and exit the room. Turn right into the kitchen and tun right again to walk in front of the counter.  Walk forward stopping right before you are in front of the kitchen sink.
Turn right and then turn left . Turn right into the room then wait near the antelope head.
Walk towards the staircase and into the open doorway on the left. Walk towards the bed and turn left at the bed. Walk towards the bathroom and stop in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk past the stairs, down the walkway and stop in the second bedroom next to the bathroom door.
Go around the bed and into the room on the right. Wait there.
Enter the bedroom. Turn right and exit the bedroom using the door on the right. Go straight, pass the stairs. Continue straight until you enter a bedroom. Wait near the entrance.
Continue up the stairs and wait atop the red door mat in front of the door with the black handle on the right.
Go straight through the kitchen. Wait near the table and chairs.
turn to your right and go down the hallway and take a right into the first doorway and then stop right next to the chair.
TURN COMPLETELY AROUND UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPEN DOOR WITH A WINDOW TO THE LEFT AND A PATIO TO THE RIGHT, WALK FORWARD THOUGH THE DOOR AND INTO A DINNING ROOM, TURN LEFT AND WALK TO THE END OF THE DINNING TABLE, YOU WILL BE FACING AN OPEN DOOR, WALK THOUGH THE OPEN DOOR INTO A WIDE HALLWAY.
Turn around and walk out the double doors. Go across the next room and out the door. Stop once you enter the next room with tile floor.
Go towards a dining area passing an area open to the outside to your right, and pass the dining table. Walk towards three sets of doors, and stop before reaching them.
Leave the bathroom, and bedroom and go into the hall. Walk straight down the hall and enter the bedroom across from the starting room. Stop in the doorway to this bedroom.
Walk from closet into bedroom. Turn left into bathroom. Wait on bathroom mat.
Exit the room then go straight until you pass the room on the left then turn left and go into the room and wait by the sink.
Head towards the sink. Turn to the right and walk towards the table. Turn and walk behind the chair on the left side of the table. Stop behind the chair looking out at the backyard.
Go into the kitchen area. Turn left. Take the first right into the dining area. Walk past the dining table. Stop left of the tall lamp with a white lampshade.
walk away from the sink towards the refrigerator, walk straight until you reach the wall and turn left, walk straight through the living room past the TV and through the sliding glass door, stop when you are outside.
Leave the bathroom, and take a right. Take the first left and go down a hallway. At the end of the hall take a right into the foyer. Stop before you reach the mirror.
Walk up the stairs.  Next, walk inside through the sliding glass doors. Continue straight past the television, towards another set of stairs.  Wait near the bottom of stairs.
Go straight through the large entryway and turn right, go passed the large table and stop in the entryway.
Walk forward and go to the stairs. Go up the stairs and enter the hallway. Stop at the top of the stairs just outside of the door.
Walk straight and stop in the doorway to the left of the white statue of two people.
Turn around and walk across the room and exit. Once out, walk forward and turn right when you reach the bookcase to your left. Turn left and walk through the kitchen storage area and through the kitchen and stop when you reach the end of the counter.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go into the room. Turn left and exit the room using the door on the left. Wait there.
Go down the staircase and at the bottom stop.
After you leave the bathroom and bedroom wait in the hall just outside the doorway beside the glass case with the dolls.
With the painted scene on the wall behind you, exit the conversational area through the wide arched opening and turn right. Continue past the two arched openings to your right and go through the narrow arched opening directly ahead of you. Stop in front of the wooden door directly to your right.
Exit the bedroom and turn left, past the bathroom. Continue through the short hallway, past the washroom and pantry. Wait in the intersection with the long hallway, in between the low shelf and table.
Go through the doorway, past the dining table, and through the doorway into the large lobby area, waiting here.
Turn left and go straight until you get to a large table.
Go toward the house and through the sliding doors.  Turn right and stop by the dinning room table.
Walk through the hallway towards the laundry room. Stop in the doorway of the laundry room.
Go up two flights of stairs, and go into the middle room.  Stop in front of the table.
Walk towards the french doors and turn left. Walk past the kitchen area. Go to the end of the hallway and wait in the archway near the painting.
Walk across the patio to the other wall. Stop at the edge of the patio near the brick wall and the pillar of brick.
Walk forward into the dining room and walk towards the table with the red table cloth on the right. Walk past the table with the red tablecloth and into the hallway. Stop next to the first roped off area on your right.
Turn around and turn right. Wait next to the blue couch that is on the right.
Exit living area, make a left walk forward slightly and wait.
Walk up the stairs, take a left and continue up the stairs, then head straight up the radiator, enter the door on the left and stand near the table.
Enter the bedroom and stand at the foot of the bed.  Walk right and exit the bedroom from the door with a letter "B" on the wall to your left.  Take a right turn out of the bedroom and walk in through another bedroom's door where you see a light colored shaggy rug.  Take another right turn and stand just through the door after the white little dog on the floor to your left.
Exit bathroom, make hard left into bedroom, wait by bed.
Turn right and exit the room. Turn left and then turn right. Turn left into the room and wait near the black chair.
Turn around and exit out the door to the far right of the bed. Once out, Walk down the hallway. Once you get to where the hallway opens up, turn left and walk past the stairs. Stop looking into the next door to your left facing the sitting room.
Exit the bathroom and then make a left. Walk towards the first door you will see on your right and then wait there.
Walk down the stairs. When you reach the landing, turn right and continue to walk down the stairs. Walk through the doorway on your left and stop.
Stand with the picture of the girl on your left and walk straight through the room and out the door on the opposite side.  Once passing through the door, turn right and walk into the room.  Stop on the side of the bed.
walk forward then turn left, walk again then left at the corner then walk again and turn left.
Go through door. Turn right on corner. Turn right on corner again. Stop.
Go down the stairs and turn right.  Stop on the grey tile in front of the window panel farthest to the left.
Go up the stairs and stop at the top near the mirror.
Turn and go down the hallway, past the stairs. Enter the living room on the right.
Go to the top of the stairs and turn left.  Go past the fake tree to the base of the stairs and go up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk through the kitchen, turn slight right, wait near the bedroom doorway.
Go straight until you get to the frame on the wall of the teddy bear with the balloons saying "welcome" then turn right and go straight until you get to the room and wait in the entrance.
Enter the doorway to your left. Walk straight down the hallway and turn right when you reach the double doors. At the door leading outside turn around and walk up 3 stairs and stop.
Exit sitting room and turn left.  Walk towards the staircase and turn left. Go down the stairs and stop on the second step.
Walk towards the ovens and into the hallway on the right of the oven. Enter the second door on your left and go into the bathroom. Stop inside the doorway to the bathroom.
Turn left and go up the steps. Turn right at door across from the word 'ART' into massage room. Stop at massage table.
Turn right and go down the hall, turn left at the circle and continue into the next room.
Walk past the refrigerator and out of the kitchen.  Enter the second bedroom on the right.  Stop near the foot of the bed with a gray comforter.
exit room to hallway, follow hallway to the right passed stairs and into bedroom. stop just inside doorway.
Turn left and exit the room out the door. Once out turn left and enter the door straight ahead and stop.
Go through the wooden doors to the dining area. Walk past the dining table to the glass and wood doors beyond. Turn right and go through the doors to the vestibule. Stop at the doors leading to a second dining area.
Go down the steps to the landing. Turn right and continue down the steps. turn slight right and enter the doorway in the middle with the large rug. Stop at the chair.
Exit the kitchen and go towards the small table set. Turn right and turn right again past the table. Wait by the white couches in the next room.
Walk through the kitchen area past the dinner table and stove. Walk past the stairwell and into the living room area. Continue past the cushioned armchairs and stop near the fireplace with statues on the mantle.
Go into the house and through the dining room. Enter the living room and go through the door on the right. Enter the recreation room and stop on the right side of the pool table.
Walk through the kitchen past the refrigerator.  Take a slight right and enter the bedroom with a tree on the bedspread.
Go down the narrow hall and wait at the doorway of the bathroom with the large tub.
Walk straight on the light colored tiles past the wooden column.  Stop when you are in front of double doors with black urns on either side.
Walk through smallest door. Go down the steps. Take a right and go halfway down the next set of stairs. Wait there.
Walk past the bed and move straight until you have pasts through 3 doorways.
Turn around, go past the fridge, and then turn right and go up the steps.  Just when you get to the top of the steps, stop.  Wait there.
Exit into the hallway, turn right and head downstairs until you reach the door, turn right and continue down the stairs, and wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk up the stairs and make a sharp turn left. Walk up the stairs and turn left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Face the two white chairs and stand next to the chair on the right.  Walk parallel to the stairs down the room and stop by the wooden post on the right, just past the end of the rug.
Walk down the hall passed the art of an eye exam. continue down the hall towards the room at the end with a desk and floor lamp beside it. Walk into the bedroom through the door nearest to the desk that has a twin bed and board game standing upright on the shelf.
Walk through open door and through hall, stop at bottom of stairs.
Turn to your right and walk down the hallway to the right side of the stairs.  At the vases make a right and then a quick left to head past the stairs. Once you enter the doorway leading to the kitchen and living room, stop.
Walk left along the path in the sauna and out the door until you are in the pool room.
Go to the rug in front of the outside doorway. Go to the dining room table. Go to the right of the fireplace. Go through the door.
Turn around and head up the stairs to the first landing and continue to the second landing. Wait near the statue.
Walk outside the room, and walk directly into the room on your left. Stop once your standing between the closet and the plant.
Go down the stairs, and make a right and then another right to go down some more stairs and go straight into the doorway to the left but not the leftmost doorway.
Walk past the end table and down the hallway. Walk past the glass doors. Turn right just past the stars. Walk to the end of the hallway and stop just outside the door.
Walk past the fireplace and turn left. Walk into the hall and past the stairs through the second doorway on the right. Stop in front of the desk.
Walk straight, then turn left and exit the bathroom. Turn left, and walk through the doorway and down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn left into the wine cellar. Walk to the end of the room. Wait in front of the table with the barrels underneath it.
Veer left to walk through the kitchen, then turn left. Make the first right and then left into the living room then wait by the console table.
Exit the bathroom then go straight until you get to a room. Wait by the desk.
Walk away from pool and towards steps.  Walk up steps and make the first right at the top.  Enter room with massage table.  Wait here.
Go through the door way and down the hallway, turning left at the end looking into a bedroom with a gray throw on the bed.
Exit the bedroom and walk strait across the hallway. Enter the door at the back of the bedroom and wait near the sink.
Turn left into the second door. Turn right and go up the stairs. Turn left and go up four steps then stop.
Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left at glass door. Turn right at hallway. Walk to table on the right and stop.
Head down the stairs from the loft, then head towards the doors that are ahead and slightly to the right from the bottom of the stairs.
Walk past the kitchen and wait in the short hallway at the far end of the kitchen.
Walk through the open door into the hallway. Move diagonally to the right to the archway next to the bureau and wall mirror. Walk down the small arched corridor and enter the bedroom with a fireplace. Wait by the bed on the left and the open door on the right.
Turn around 180 degrees.  Go down the hallway to the right.  Walk through the kitchen, past the island and stop as soon as you reach the table.
Turn around and go down the hall on the left of the stairs. Go towards the pots and stop next to the large double doors.
Walk through the room past the ropes and stop in the doorway.
Walk out the door in front of you and turn left. Once you reach the black shelf, turn right and enter the hallway. Turn into the first door on your left and stop once you enter the bathroom.
Walk down the hall in the direction of the stairs to the second floor. Pass the stairs and enter the living room. Take a right in the living room. Stop on the right of the chair at the head of the table.
Exit the bathroom, and take a right turn. Keep walking to the place with a clock hanging on the wall, and then make a hard left into a bedroom. Wait at the bedroom.
Leave the library and walk straight across the foyer. In the hall take a left into the living room and walk right into the dining room. Stop behind the second dining chair on the left side of the table.
Walk forward passing the dining table on it's right side. Exit the room with the table, and stop before you reach the end of the rug on the right.
Exit the closet and go to the left towards the bed.  Go to the right to exit the bedroom.  Go left and go down the stairs.  Stop on the third stair.
Exit the toilet room and then exit the tub room and go through the hallway but turn right into the first archway on the right, take a step into the closet and stop.
Walk towards the staircase going up. Stop at the bottom of the staircase.
Go through the doorway and to the left   follow straight before the bar and go to the lefft, until you go up the stairway, and take the first right stop at the the massage room.
Walk forward and turn right, exiting the room. Continue forward and turn right, walking past the mirror and side table. Enter the bedroom and turn left. Turn left again and wait inside the doorway.
Go straight and turn right in front of the towards the 3 wicker decorations. Go straight down the hallway, enter the doorway, and wait.
With the window on the right, move forward and wait in the entrance of the next room.
Walk towards the door and take a left. Go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs take a left into the fitness room. In the fitness room stop after you pass the door.
Pass the desk and head straight until you pass the pool. Wait right at the entrance of the room with the beaded curtain.
Go up the stairs and turn right. Walk down the hallway.  At the end of the hallway near the phone turn right Go straight into the kitchen area and stop in the doorway.
Walk up the stairs and turn left at the plant. Walk forward wait at the bedroom with rug that has squares on it.
Walk through the kitchen and to the right of the bathroom. Wait in the bedroom through the door on the right.
Go to the left of the wooden counter with the large mirror behind it. Take the corridor on the right. Turn right at the bookcase. Walk to the end of this hall and stop just inside the bedroom.
Exit the living room, turn left, wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit closet to hallway, go passed to vases and enter room with wine. Stop at wine.
Following the red carpet, exit the room to the right. Continue straight passed the chest of drawers on the right and a series of 7 photo displays on the left. Still straight on the red carpet passed 2 sets of chairs and through the doorway stopping just through the threshold.
Exit the room through the door on the right. Walk forward through the bedroom and wait in the doorway.
Go down the stairs to the next floor. Go down one step on the next set of stairs and stop.
Walk clockwise around the bed and stop in the interior doorway on the other side.
Walk up the stairs, turn left, make another left, stop near the bedroom doorway.
Exit the bathroom through the doorway by the toilet, then turn right, Walk past the counter into the hallway, turn left. At the end of the hallway turn right, then wait by the kitchen counter.
Exit the room, turn right and go down the stairs, turn right and right again to the keep going down stairs, when you have reached the bottom stop.
Walk through the door on the right and into the hallway. Turn left and walk down the stairs. Stop on the second step from the top.
Walk through the open double doors into a room with a dining table.  Walk straight ahead to the next set of double doors.  Stop right next to the metal thing on the wall.
Turn left and exit the room. Keep walking along the hall past the kitchen area. Wait by the doorway to the dining table area.
Walk through the doorway to the right of the dining room table then go through the doorway by the flower pot.  Take the doorway directly left of the staircase and wait there.
Go to exit of writing room. Stop between pillars.
walk forward slightly, make a  right and walk toward the living room, and wait next to the black couches.
Exit the room then turn left and go up the steps then turn right and turn right and wait near the beige couches.
Go straight past the bed and the fireplace. Exit the room using the door on the left of the fireplace. Wait there.
Go up the stairs, stop at the fifth step to the top.
walk towards the pool table, exit the room through the interior double doors, walk straight through the sitting area, walk into the arch way and stop inside of it.
Go passed the table and passed the stairs. Take a right turn and go down the stairs. Stop on the first stair.
Go down the stairs. Once down the stairs go forward down the hall, and take the first left into the dining room. Stop on the rug between the credenza, and the door frame.
Turn left and go out of the room. Turn left and go straight then turn right. Go past the piano and straight until you get to the chandelier and the round design in the floor. Wait there.
exit bedroom to hallway, turn right and enter bathroom. Stop before bathtub.
Walk through the arched entry way that leads into the tiled room with a mosaic floor. Walk through the arched entry way to the left of the stairs. Continue down the tiled hall through the open door ahead into the bedroom with red bedsrpread.
Go down the hallway and wait in the room next to the stairs.
Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk past the guardrail and turn into the first bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Go down the stairs, at the two rugs make a sharp right and take a step down the stair and stop.
Turn right and walk through the kitchen. Go right into the living room and stop by the rug.
Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk past the railing and turn left past the plant. Walk toward the front door and turn right. Walk up the steps and stop on the third step.
Go straight down the stairs and take the first right doorway. Continue down the stairs and stop once you reach the bottom.
Walk through the bedroom passed the open double doors near the wall shelves. Walk down the hallway along the banister rails. Walk around the corner past the stairwell into the living room area and walk towards the center island with cushioned bar stools.
Turn right into hall, walk straight into the kitchen, stop at refrigerator.
Exit the bathroom and wait on the white carpet.
enter bedroom, proceed into bathroom.
Walk out of the room with the bed on your right. Go through the doorway on your left, entering the bathroom.
Leave the room and take a left int he hall. Enter the room which is first on the right.Take a right and stop on the rug in front of the animal head on the floor.
Walk towards the sink and turn right. Walk forward and turn left before the table set. Wait in the corner.
Turn to the left and go up the stairs.  Go into the bedroom and turn left, go beside the bed, turn left and go through a hallway.  Then you'll see a master bathroom.  Go just inside the doorway and wait right there.
Go up the stairs. Wait beside the support pillar for the stairs.
Go straight past the bed and into the hallway. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and wait there.
Walk down the hallway and wait near the end, next to the mirror and side table.
Climb to the top of the three stairs next to you and continue forward and climb the next set of three stairs as well. Continue forward and enter the second room on your right.
Exit the closet into the hall way. Enter the doorway to the nearest left. Enter the bedroom. Wait there.
Walk forward, pass the swimming pool, and wait by the coffee table.
Go into the white door and turn left then go down the stairs until you get to the door that leads to outdoors and wait there.
Move through the kitchen with the square table to your right. Continue moving forward to the staircase just after the refrigerator. Walk up the stairs and stop 18 inches before the end of the stair railing to your right.
Walk down the hallway passed the chairs and counters. Continue down the hallway, passed the kitchen Enter the room on the right and walk passed the table and chairs. Walk toward the couch.
Leave the room and take a right. Walk pas the stairs and enter the bedroom on the right. Stop once you pass the door to the bedroom.
Walk down the stairs and turn right at the bottom of the stairs. Go down the 3 steps and stop just outside the laundry room and bathroom.
Turn right down the hallway and enter the last room on the left.  Stop after entering the bedroom.
Walk around the bed and exit the room.  Turn right and walk into the room with another bed in it.  Stop at the side of the bed.
Walk through the double doors next to the red cushioned bench. Stop just after the red path turns right, near the first of two information signs next to each other.
With the tapestry and large white vase behind you, walk straight down the hallway with all the windows.  Stop when a sitting room appears on your right.  Stop in the middle of the hallway in front of the opening to this room.
Walk passed the right of the bar, and turn left to walk through the kitchen. Stop once you reach the shelves on your right.
Turn right and go straight past the table and chairs. Wait at the kitchen entrance.
Walk into the dining area and make a right when you get to the end of the table. Walk down the hall and stand in front of the door of the dining room at the end of the hall.
Walk straight toward the mirror, then turn left and exit the bedroom. Take the first turn on your right, then turn right again through the second door on your right.
Go up the stairs, and then turn around and go through the door past the stairs. Walk up to the bed, then turn to the right and walk into the doorway. Stop there.
Walk up the stairs and take a right. Turn right and wait in the TV room.
Exit the closet and go the bedroom. Turn left and exit the bedroom. Walk straight to the top of the stairs and turn right. Walk straight forward and enter the bedroom in from of you. Wait just inside the doorway.
Walk across the kitchen between the cabinets and island. Go throught the archway to the right of the oven. Walk past the first door to the second one. Stop in this doorway to the bathroom.
Go upstairs and wait at the top.
Walk up the stairs. Turn left and wait in the entry way of the bedroom.
Go straight into the living room. Turn left and go through the door. Then turn left again and go down the stairs. stop before going outside.
Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk to the right of the wood and glass doors and stop just inside the doorway.
exit the roped off hall, follow the red carpet, turn right, continue straight down the red carpet, enter room at the end, stop once inside the room.
Pass the table and head toward the kitchen. Turn right, pass the kitchen and then turn right on the second door.  Wait at the top of the stairs on the second step.
Please go out from the bed. To take right and enter into the other bedroom with light and dog.
Move forward with the long table to your right. Move between the wall corner and wooden beam. Turn right and move between the smaller green chair and the bigger beige chair. Continue moving forward with the large wooden cabinet to your right. Turn 30 degrees to the right and pass between the small green chair and the tall floor lamp. Move around the wooden beam in front of you and then stop.
Turn right. Walk to the end of the hall. Turn right and enter the door.
Walk to the staircase and walk up, turn right and go down stairs and wait at the bottom.
Go right to the other side of the last chair turn to the left of you., then turn left and keep going through the archway to the middle back of the couch, and turn right and stop in the exercise room.
Walk out of the bathroom and straight across the hall. Walk down the steps and stop.
Exit the room into the hallway. Go into the room on the left and wait next to the massage table.
Walk straight past the kitchen and dining room to the sliding glass door. Open the sliding door and step outside. Wait by the outdoor dining table.
Walk straight between the kitchen island and the black sofa into the room with the two white sofas facing each other. Stop next to the brown table between the two sofas.
Go into the room with the very large TV.  Keep going past the couches and out through the back door to the back patio.  Stop outside the door facing an outdoor dining set.
Go up stairs and turn left to stairs. Stop between stairs and large double doors.
Enter large dinning room, walk across room to exit on right. Wait at doors.
Walk down the hallway towards the table and chairs next to the large window.  You will pass a staircase going down on your right hand side.  Once you pass the staircase and enter the larger room, turn right.  Walk forward until you are standing beside the frist black end table next to the couch.
With the staircase to your right, go forward and turn right at the bottom of the staircase. Continue forward and take three steps down until you're at the doorway leading into a bathroom.
Turn around, walk towards the hallway and past the rug, continue to the top of the steps near the mirror and stop.
Walk right past the dining room table and chairs and into the left entryway on the left. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk past the oven and into the living room. Stop by the by the end table.
Walk up all the stairs. Make a right around the banister. Make a right into the room with the bed. Make a left into the open storage area that houses the white rug.
Exit massage room. Turn left at the second door way on the left.  Turn right once in the room and sop near the massage table.
Walk past the long rectangular dining table to the left, then turn left. Wait under the stairs.
Turn right and enter through the sliding door. Continue past the TV on the right. Enter the kitchen and wait beside the fridge.
Exit the room, then immediately turn left through the doorway. Wait by the double doors.
Turn around and walk through the door into the hallway. Turn left and go forward and stop next to the bed. Then turn left and go into the bathroom.
Turn around and walk through the doorway. Turn right and walk across the hall and wait by the small table just before the dining room entrance.
Go straight and exit the room then go up the stairs on your left until you get to the top and wait there by the statue.
walk forward near the pool and make a right turn and stop at the doorway.
Walk forward into the dining room and through the door at the far right. Walk between the two couches and past the fireplace on the left. Go through the double glass doors and wait near the couch.
Walk past the two urns and turn left. Walk to the entrance of the dining room, straight ahead, and stop under the arch.
Walk past the large urn on a pedestal to the right. Walk through the doorway under the green and white exit sign.Wait at the red rope stanchion to the left.
Finish climbing the stairs and walk straight through the doorway in front of you.  You'll be a bedroom at that point.  Turn right and walk across the room next to the bed to the doorway on your right.  Turn right and walk though the closet into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet in the bathroom.
Walk to the left of the pool table and stop across from the stairs.
From the stairs walk down and take a right going down the hallway towards the two statues then take a right and go down the hall passing the two doors on your right and into the living room stopping just inside he door into the living room.
Turn around and walk through the doorway to the left of the vase on the floor. Once in the room turn right and enter the door to the right of the stairs. Stop in the doorway.
Walk down the hall, take the first right and wait in the short hallway between the two doors.
Walk straight until you can't anymore then turn left. Wait near the door way straight ahead.
Turn around walk through the exercise room into the living room.  Wait by the Giraffi.
Go to the bottom of the staircase. Turn right and go to the pool table. From the pool table, go to the coffee table.
Turn right and follow the red rug to exit out the door to the left of the painting of a man. Follow the red carpet all the way to the other side of the table. Turn and exit out the door to the left of the red chairs along the wall.
With the rope barrier directly to your right, move forward while staying on the carpet pathway and turn left when you reach the corner. Continue on the pathway until you reach a T intersection on the pathway and turn right to exit the room though a set of double doors.
Walk forward past the racks of wine bottles until you exit the wine cellar.  Turn to your left and enter the first room on your left.  Wait on the rug just inside the room.
Go down the hall on the left and into the next room on the right. Go to the bottom of the staircase.
Walk into the hallway and toward the stairs. Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Go to the right and go straight. Follow the hall and go in the first door on the left.
Walk straight past the kitchen area and bar stools until you reach a formal dining table.  Walk into the room with the sofa on the right and stop by the glass table.
Walk past the shelves and through the kitchen. Turn left after the kitchen and enter the doorway to the left of the squiggle painting. Stop before the sink, next to the towels.
Walk down the hall. Pass the stairs and enter the doorway on the right. Wait beside the potted plant.
Walk down the hallway past the vases, enter the bedroom, walk to the foot of the bed, walk toward the bathroom on the left, wait in the doorway to the bathroom.
Walk around the right side of the bed and leave the bedroom. Make a right and walk down the hallway until you get to the second window then turn left and wait in the bathroom.
Leave bedroom to stairs leading down. Stop at top of stairs in front of bed.
Go through the door closest to you and into the next room.  Walk down the length of the room on the red carpet and stop in the next doorway at the end of this room.
Go up the stairs. Turn right and go toward the slatted door. Turn right and enter the living area.
Turn to face inner wall. Leave room by middle archway.  Take slight right toward hall with round design on brick floor. Walk forward to staircase. Stop on second stair.
Go toward the two brown daybeds. Continue past them and turn right. Go past the daybeds again to the pool table.
Exit the bathroom then exit the room using the door on the right. Head down the stairs and go down three steps then stop.
Walk back towards the house and go up the three stairs. Walk passed the table and patio other furniture and enter the house through the sliding door on the left.  Turn right inside the house and walk forward.  Stop and wait next to the TV and the table.
Stay on red carpet and walk towards decorative chair.  Continue to follow the red carpet as you turn left at the decorative chair.  Make another left to follow the carpet.  Wait in front of doorway with fire extinguisher.
Go down the stairs, and enter the room ahead on the left side. Stop at the edge of the shelves on your right.
With the storage lockers to your right, exit the garage via the door that's ahead of you and against the right hand wall. After exiting the garage, turn right ninety degrees and move forward until arched doorway is to your immediate right.
Walk from telephone down hall and turn left down hall just before vase. Walk through archway into bedroom. Stop between bed and chair.
Exit the kitchen, walk down the hall and wait in the exercise room.
Walk ahead passing the window and the curtain to exit the room. Walk straight passing all the picture frames on the wall, and stop at the center with no walls on the side.
Exit massage room, turn left, go down the steps, walk to the pool, climb up to steps and stop beside the plants.
Exit the room and walk to the end of the hallway. Wait at the bottom of the steps.
Go down the stairs.  Go into the room straight ahead on the slight left. Wait there.
Walk past the dining room table, through the sitting room and out the sliding glass doors. Wait on the patio near the table and chairs.
Go out of the bedroom towards some stairs.  Pass the stairs and go into a bedroom with some posters of girls on the wall and wait at the doorway to the bathroom.
walk through doorway to exit room, turn right in hallway and walk towards display cabinet, turn left at end of hallway, enter room, walk past bed, walk through doorway on the left after dresser, stop in front of sink.
Turn right and go through the door. Go down the hall way and go up the stairway to the left. Continue up the stairway to the left. Wait by the statue.
Go down the stairs and towards the front door.  Turn into the arched doorway to one side of the front door and face into the room with the round rug and shelves.
Walk straight until you get to a dresser with a vase on top of it. Turn left and wait there.
Leave the fitness room and go down the hall on the left of the wine rack. Enter the TV room on the left. Stop in the doorway.
Walk toward the kitchen counter and turn left. Walk into the kitchen past the stove and refrigerator and stop in front of the sink.
Walk down the stairs and go to the room on the right and wait in the doorway of the bathroom.
Walk and turn left around the counter and walk straight towards the living room. Stop next to the couch entrance.
Exit the room going straight. Turn right go down the hallway until you get to a black bookcase. Turn right and continue going down the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Wait at the entrance.
go through the dooorway on the right, continue straightacross the hallway and into the room ahead. Stop near the shell.
With the window behind you, walk straight past the table and kitchen area and through the doorway.  Keep going until you get to a separate sitting room on the left with blue walls and white couches.  Walk into the room and stop once you step on the carpet.
Turn right and head towards the kitchen. Before you get to the kitchen, turn left and enter the hallway. Walk down the hallway and turn into the entry way to your right without doors. Walk forward and stop beside the bottom of the steps facing the double white doors.
Go into the room with the white head bust and continue through the doorway until you take a few steps into the bedroom and then stop.
Walk through the door toward the dining area.  Walk straight past the couch and stop before getting to the brown chair.
With the windows on your right walk forward between the windows and the patio couch walk forward towards the table and into the living room through the sliding glass doors and take a  right into the dining room stopping just past the wall on the left next to the door.
Exit the laundry area and turn right continuing down the hall. Enter the kitchen and wait by the island.
Walk up the steps that curve left. Stop on the fourth step from the top.
With the thermostat towards your right and the doors leading outside in front of you, enter the corridor and turn right, Continue forward and turn left when you reach the first intersection. Pass by the kitchen to your right and continue down the corridor until you reach the dining room. Stop once you reach the carpet on the wooden floor.
Walk between the the kitchen counter and the couch and down the hall. Stop near the mirror that is hanging on the left side of the hallway.
With the long table to your left and staying on the carpeted pathway, move forward, then take a ninety degree turn to the left. At the T-intersection, take a ninety degree turn to the right and continue forward. Go through the double door opening, leaving the carpeted pathway and stop at the doubled doors to your right which also starts another carpeted pathway.
Walk out of the bedroom. Turn right and walk down the hallway. At the end of the hallway turn left. Walk in front of the couch and stop.
Head through the door to the left of the curio cabinet. Go into the bathroom and stand by the purple bath mat in front of the sink.
Start in the middle of the large room head towards the door that leads to the outside, turn left and head up the stairs, take a hard left, stop when you are inside the workout room.
Turn hard left toward the dining room, then left down the hallway. Proceed left through the archway and into the foyer. Wait on the mosaic tile in the center of the room.
Leave the bedroom and take a right. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway.
Walk past the embroidered ottoman the right. Walk past the bottom of the stairs on the left. Wait at the wooden stick leaning on the frame of the french doors.
move forward into the room, exit the room and continue straight into an eating area, continue straight into the living room, and stop right next to the rug in front of the couch.
Walk through doorway towards the tub, turn left and walk towards the bar, right before the bar turn left, walk up the stairs and walk through the first door on the right, stop right before the table.
Walk past kitchen. Walk past thermostat. Walk into bedroom. Wait on rug.
Turn left. Walk towards clock. Turn right. Walk past kitchen. Stop one tile length past the end of the black couch.
Exit the kitchen and turn left. Wait at the bottom of the stairs.
Go left around the wooden barrier and stop once you reach the wooden barrier on the opposite corner.
Go past the pillars and turn left. Exit the room and  turn left to go downstairs. Stop halfway down the stairs.
Move past the bed into the hallway. Go past the bookcase and wait in the doorway of the other bedroom.
walk across bedroom to open door, enter sitting room and continue straight down hall, turn left into bathroom. Stop at sink.
Turn around and exit into the hallway. Turn right and enter the next room. Turn left and walk to the other side of the kitchen. Once you walk pass the kitchen, turn in the first door to the right and stop once you reach the long table with chairs.
Make a left at the doorway leading to the stairs. Walk around the right side of the rail. Make a left into the room with the French doors.
Turn around and walk up both sets of stairs. Take a right into the massage room and wait there.
Walk past the fridge, up the steps, and into the hall. Stop next to the first door on the left.
Go through the door and turn left. Go to the left of the stairs. Stop in the doorway to the left of the white double doors.
Walk to the right side of the couch and stand in front of a grill/oven.  Turn right and walk through the room with the microwaves, leaving on the opposite side.  Stop after stepping through the doorway out of the microwave room.
Walk into the bedroom past the large glass mirrors. Turn left and walk past the bed. Turn left through the doorway into the bathroom. Wait at the doorway to the shower.
Walk all the way forward towards the door, and turn left. Walk forward, and stop at the other door.
Walk left past the stairs and down the hall. Turn right and walk across the hall into the entryway and stop.
With the wall where the fireplace is behind you, exit the room going forward. After passing the bathroom on your left, you'll reach a staircase on your left that goes upwards and downwards. Take one flight of stairs going down, then stop on the landing.
Go past the kitchen hallway then turn left. You will see a painting on the wall with letters like you see at the eye doctor on your left. When you see that turn right. Head toward the door with the blue rug that has the #25. Stop before you get to the rug.
Walk down the hall and turn left. Go through the door and turn right. Wait in front of the statue.
Walk right past the bed and into the closet. Walk through the closet and into the bathroom. Stop by the toilet.
Continue down the stairs until level ground. Go down another level, then another, then stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Walk straight through the kitchen. When you get to the end turn left into the hallway. Walk straight into the room that is to the left of the painting in the hallway. Wait near the sink.
Go past the mirrors and enter the bedroom. Make a left turn and then another left turn into the bathroom Stop in front of the shower and wait there.
Pass the mirror on your right. Pass between chairs. Keep the bed on your right and go into the hallway.
Turn around and enter the hallway. Then walk down the stairs. Stand near the front door.
Walk across the room into the hallway second to the right from the stairs. Walk past the open door on the right.  Stop in front of the closed doors on the right.
Walk up the small set of stairs.  Once you reach the top, turn 45 degrees to your left. Walk through the door at the bottom of the large staircase. After you are inside, turn left and wait near the statue.
Turn to the left and walk past the couch and footstool.  Go to the hallway and turn right.  And walk down past the galley kitchen, towards a table and chairs area.  Stop and wait there before you get to the table.
Walk through the kitchen and go into the hallway with a marble floor to the left of the refrigerator.  Step in front of the counter with the phone and some flowers in a white vase and stop there.
enter the bedroom and veer left, continue to the top of the stairs, go down the stairs, continue straight and turn right after the support beam, stop in front of the glass pane doors.
Exit the massage room and go straight across the hallway through the brown double doors, go down the steps and stop.
Go up two flights of stairs, and go into the left room with the red rug.
walk  through the doorway on the right side of the bed, walk straight past decorative cabinet on your left, continue through doorway and stop on hardwood floor.
Exit the room opposite the bedroom, and go straight through the next room, turn left, go straight and step into the doorway and stop.
Go up the stairs. Go left toward the couch and walk past it to the chair next to the fireplace.
Exit the room and head into the adjacent room across the hall. Go stand next to the horned animal's head.
Turn around and exit the doorway. Turn left and exit the door. Stop next to the pool.
Go through the lobby and wait in the kitchen.
Leave bathroom and go down hall, turn left and stop at stairs.
Turn left and walk into the small hallway and up the stairs. Stop at the very top of the stairs.
Walk up the stairs. At the top of the stairs take a right and enter the room at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the large shell on the floor.
Continue up steps and walk through kitchen, wait at dinging room table.
Turn right and walk towards the living room area. Walk towards the fireplace and wait by the stool and table.
Walk out of the bedroom and down the hallway past the little living area on the right. Walk into the door into the next bedroom.
Take around, go towards the bed with the trunk, take a left and head down the stairway and stop right before the end of the stairway.
With the violin on your right, start walking down the hallway, passing a piano on your left. At the end of the hallway, take a left and then an immediate right into a bedroom.
Walk straight down the hallway and enter the doorway. Wait inside the doorway.
Walk past the foot of the bed and out the door on the other side of the room.  After passing through a small hallway, you will see two doors to bedrooms next to each other.  Enter the bedroom on the right and stop after entering the room.
Walk forward, take a left and enter the second room on the left.
Walk forward out of the dining room with the round table on your left. walk through the room and into the kitchen. In the kitchen walk down the hallway on the right of the oven and stop in the doorway.
Walk out of bedroom and turn left into hall. Walk down to end of hall and turn left into bedroom. Wait there.
Start so that the top of the staircase is to your right and there is a hallway with a large door at the end.  Walk straight into the room and onto the red carpet.  Walk a few steps on the red carpet towards the dining table before stopping.
Walk through the sitting area and wait under the stairs next to the railing.
Walk down the corridor and upstairs. Stop halfway up the stairs.
Go up the stairs to the next floor. Enter the first room on the right and stop just past the doorway.
Make a left at the end of the bed. Walk to the banister. Walk to the bottom of the stairs to the left of this point. Make a right and move to the panoramic checker doors.
Walk up stairs into sitting room, stop next to coffee table.
Turn around and walk across the kitchen. When you reach the stove, turn left and exit the room into the dining room. Walk past the table and stop at the other end.
From kitchen walk into living room, turn left and exit the slider. Stop on the porch next to the table.
Walk out the door and take your first left, then take another left till you are walking through the doorway all the way to the left. Walk straight, right before you reach the bed.
Walk out through the door. Follow the red carpet to the right of the table. Stop in the next doorway.
Walk past the fridge and out of the doorway and turn left before the bathroom. Then turn left and stop in the room with two white sofas opposite each other. Stop next to the corner table with a plant on it.
Walk forward and turn right towards the three stairs to enter the house. Walk forward towards the glass door on the very left corner, and stop there.
Exit through the set of double doors and head up one flight of the stairs.  Wait there.
Face the wall with the large painting and four chairs.  Walk to the right of the chairs though the open door. Walk straight through the room and stop in the doorway.
With the table to your left, go through the door on the right and down the stairs.  On the landing, go outside through the door rather than going down more stairs.  Stop in the doorway going outside.
Walk to the oven, turn left, walk past the couch, enter the room past the fireplace, wait at the grey couch.
Go straight passed the coffee table to your right, before the pool table make a left and stop between the post and the glass door.
Turn right and walk straight until you are standing in a bedroom door, then stop.
Step forward, make a left, turn right, enter the room on the left, wait near the chair.
Walk through the living room in front of the couch and take a right. Stop on the wooden slatted floor next to the railing.
Turn left and walk past the dining table, then turn right and walk through the doorway to the top of the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs.
Walk down the stairs and head into the pool room. Stop at the bottom of the stairs once you are in the pool room.
Step through the bathroom doors, make a left turn and take a step, then a sharp left turn and continue walking until you've made it through the bedroom door. Stop.
Exit the room and then go down the hallway until you get a frame on the wall to your right with a bear and balloons that says "welcome" and wait there.
Walk down the staircase until you reach the bottom floor. Wait near the first open door.
Turn to your left and enter the sitting room. Once in, turn right and walk past the dining room table. Stop in the doorway on the other side, looking into the kitchen.
Turn around and walk across the dining room area. Enter the leftmost doorway. Wait by the glass sign on the left.
Go around the roped area and through the door on the left. Walk straight and stop left of the table and chairs.
Go into the doorway to the right of the big painting, go straight down the hallway into the double doorway and stop.
Walk through the hallway to the right of the four glass doors. Walk straight, and bare left and walk past the kitchen. Walk straight past the kitchen towards the dining room, and stop right when you hit the carpet.
Leave the bathroom through the door by the toilet and turn right. Turn right into the hallway, walk through the arched opening, and turn right. Stop near the the first black chair at the bar.
Exit the bathroom and walk down the hall. Wait at the bottom of the stairs, on the first step.
Exit the bedroom. Go to the right towards the kitchen. Stand next to the hallways located after the cabinets.
Walk to the foot of the bed and turn right. Walk to the other end of the foot and turn right. Walk forward. Wait on the run in front of the bathroom.
Turn left and continue up the stairs.  Go straight through to the bedroom, turn to the right and walk past the bed.  Turn right again and go through the closet.  Continue straight, into the bathroom.  Wait right there, in front of the mirror.
Walk through the room, past everything and towards the further window, stopping once you're near the steps and making a right turn, stop once you're near the chairs.
Walk passed the dining table and continue towards the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen passed the counters and stove and stop near the sink.
Walk past the shelf and down the hallway to the left of the double doors. At the end of the hallway turn right and stop in front of the end table.
Walk across the room, past the pool table on your left side as you walk.  Stop in front of the television mounted on the wall across from the couch.
Walk past the white couch on the left. Go through the entryway and past the oval table. Stop at the rectangular table.
Turn right and walk toward the stairs.  Turn right and wait near the lamp before you get to the stairs.
Walk forward across the room and walk through the panty followed by the kitchen.  Stand at the end of the kitchen.
face four kitchen bar stools, turn left, turn right after the last kitchen bar stool and walk straight through kitchen, stop in the middle of the stone arch doorway.
Exit the dining room and sitting area on the left. Enter the kitchen and wait by the light switch on the left.
Go down the stairs. On the far wall at the bottom of the stairs there are two doors. Enter the door on the right into the bathroom and stop in the doorway.
Head towards the stairs and make a right. Go down the stairs all the way to the bottom floor and wait at the landing.
Take a right and then walk down the hall to the left of the stairs. Wait nest to the bed.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Go through the doorway and walk to the right past the piano. Stop on the circular pattern in the tile in front of the violin and wait there.
Walk to the living room on the far side of the counter. Stop next to the end table next to the couch with the bookshelf on your right.
Go straight. Pass the stairs on the right and continue straight. When you get to the stairs going up pass those as well. Go into the room with the couches and then turn right. wait near the glass table with white chairs.
exit room walk through double doors stop on top step of hottub.
Turn right 90 degrees to walk between the desk and the seating area. Proceed straight towards the stairs that go down. Stop when you are standing directly in front of the banister for the stairs leading down that is made of wood and wagon wheels and cog wheels. The stairs will be on your left and the kitchen area will be ahead of you and on the right.
Turn around and walk along the wooden hallway.Wait the the wooden doorway.
Turn right and go up the wood stairs. At the top walk forward and turn right. Then walk halfway up the stairs covered in carpet and stop.
Walk down the red carpet away from the bedroom, through the doorway and wait near the stairs.
Turn around and then turn right. Go passed the piano and stop near the table.
Walk through door way into the next room.Turn left and walk forward past the railing. Turn right and walk to the front of the stairs.Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop in the bedroom.
Turn right and walk past the columns, then turn left and enter the hallway.  Stand on the stairs going up. Wait there.
Turn right, and then make a right again entering the room that is on the right of the painting placed on the wall. Walk inside the room, and stop next to the mirror sliding closet doors.
Go up four stairs. Go to the sunset painting. Go to the marble table. Go to the oven. Go to the dining room table.
Walk through the open double doors. Walk past the dining table with a glass chandelier above. Walk over to the open double doors on the wall ahead next to the wooden dresser.
Exit the closet and walk to your right out of the bedroom. Walk to your left past the kitchen and into the living area. Wait in the living room just to the left of the grey area rug.
Walk through the kitchen between the sink and the stove. and down the hall.  Turn right before the bathroom.  Go into the bedroom.
Head past the bar along the side of the pool.  Turn right and stop inside of the sauna.
Walk past the kitchen and enter the hallway.  Turn right  at the artwork and wait by the closet.
Walk into the hallway and turn left at the telephone.  Walk down the hall and stop at the intersection.
Walk up stairs. Walk onto the carpet runner on the floor. Make a right through the open door on the right. Walk between the two columns on the right. Wait at the animal head on the floor to the left.
Walk past the kitchen counter and sofa area towards the next room ahead. Walk through the entry and down the hall passing a shelf and room with couches. Turn the corner and walk down the hall past a picture with letters on it. Walk into the room at the end of the hall that has wall paper with stereos on it and a desk area with a stereo on top.
Left the living room and make a left then walk past the stairs and make a left to walk down the hall beside the stairs. Make a right at the end of the hall and go into the art room and wait.
Go straight passed the pool and stop by the right of the bar.
Go down the red carpet and stop at the door at the end of the hall.
Go out of the room you're in.  Turn left.  Go poast the dining room and into the living room.  Wait right by the coffee table.
Turn around and exit the door into the workout room. Walk to the end of the first machine and turn left. Walk forward until you exit through the arch way into the living room. Stand so you are in the living room even with the right side of the archway .
Go up the stairs to the next level and go down the hallway.  Turn into the room on the right and walk to the center of it.  Walk through the two columns on the right and stop in front of the horned animal head on the floor.
Head down the stairs, turn right and continue down the stairs until you reach a door, turn right and continue further down to the bottom of the stairs, wait there near two door frames.
While standing in the grass turn left and go to the wooden stairs that lead to the building. Next you need to walk up the stairs and to the glass door that goes into the sitting room. Then go inside the sitting room and make the first right turn so you are in the dining area, wait just inside the dining area.
Go forward one meter Go to the chairs Go to the steps Go to the endtable Go to the tan door.
Pass the clock on your right, and keep walking straight. Make a right turn at the first right corner. Make another right at the next right corner that has a white cabinet on its right. Stop inside the room.
Go ahead a bit and turn left, going down the hallway. Turn left and stop after getting inside the study.
Take a left into the bedroom and take a right into the bathroom. Wait in the bathroom.
Go through the kitchen, into the pantry. Out of the pantry take a right and go through the den and stop in the doorway to the bedroom on the right.
Turn around and go down the staircase.  Once down, go through the door that is straight but slightly to the right.  This room you enter will be a living room/den type of room.  Wait right at the entrance, by the couch.
Walk through the small room with a lounge chair and dresser. Turn the corner and walk passed the sink. Walk into the kitchen area through the door on the other end. Stop near the long wooden dining table with pictures on the wall next to it.
Go up the stairs. Turn right. Stop just inside the doorway of the bedroom with the round mirror on the wall to the right, opposite the bed.
Go straight until you pass the mustard colored couches and then stop near the kitchen bar with the orange stools.
Walk towards the stairs to the slight right and then make a hard right turn up the stairs and continue until you've reached the top.
Walk to end of hallway. Wait in threshold of laundry room.
Exit the room. Walk straight until you get to pass the stairs. Turn left and go into the room at the end of the hallway. Turn right and wait there.
Walk around the long dining table and chairs.  At the opposite end of the table, turn left and stop when you are standing directly underneath the stairs.
Go to the left and then turn right and go through the big double doors.  Veer to the left and go to the base of the stairs.  Then go up the stairs, a couple of them, and then stop and wait.
Walk past fridge. Walk up stairs. Wait on top of stair landing.
Leave the sitting room and head into the hallway. Take a right into the room with the dining table. Stop in front of the console table on the right.
Exit the room. Go forward and enter the room with a dog statue on the floor. Turn left and exit the room. Go forward till the rail of the stair. Enter the room on the left and stop. Wait there.
Walk down the hallway and pass all the picture frames placed on the right until the end. Turn left to enter another room, and stop there.
Walk past the towel rack on the right. Exit the bathroom, and walk through the closet. Make a left at the bed, and walk to the open bedroom door. Wait at the top of the stairs.
Walk into the kitchen and go to the left once you pass the counters. Go straight into the small room with the sink. Stop next to the door.
Exit the bathroom, turn right, walk down the hallway, turn left, wait at the front door to the house.
Go to the sink and turn right. Go to the first chair. Go to the left side of the dining table.
Leave the room between the two columns past the antelope. Turn Left and exit  into the hallway. Turn left again and go down the stairs. Stop at the door down stairs just before the exit to the building and wait there.
Keep walking forward passing all the picture frames on the wall. Turn left at the corner before where the chairs are placed. Walk forward passing the big pots placed on the floor on your left. Turn left and stop in front of the sofa.
Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk straight passing the gray couch and stop near the rug.
Walk away from the grill, and into the house the other direction. Take a right in the hall, and go past the kitchen. Enter the dining room with the round table, and stop in front of the console table.
Walk over the kitchen counter, turn left,  walk ahead till wall, turn right, walk to the closet room, wait at front.
Leave the bathroom and bedroom. Stop in front of the cabinet full of dolls in the hallway.
Walk to the far end of the room and through the door at the end. Stop inside the doorway to the dining room.
walk across living room behind couch, turn left at couch, Walk directly across the living room, stop at stairs.
Walk through the room without the red carpet and through the next door into the room where there is a red carpet path again. Turn right on the patha nd continue on the path and stop in the next doorway, next to a rectangular table covered in red cloth.
Walk through the entryway and turn left. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Exit bedroom through the doorway on the far right. Walk directly forward. Take first sharp right at welcome sign. Wait by the table with a handbag on it.
Walk around the bed to the right and into the hallway. Wait at the end of the hallway.
Stand with the doors to your left and walk straight towards the white urn with plants.  Go through the doorway on the left and stop in the middle of the circle mosaic on the floor of the room.
Go through the open door to the right of the closet door. Go down the hallway and stop at the edge of the counter.
Walk towards the staircase.  Walk down steps.  Wait at bottom of stairs.
walk up the staircase onto the first landing, turn left, and walk up the second set of stairs on your left. Once you make it to the next landing walk through the middle doorway and stop in front of the wood table with a large statue next to it.
Walk towards the painting and turn left. Walk forward towards the lamp and make a right. At the painting turn left walk forward. Turn right, enter the exercise room and wait here.
turn around and walk down the hall. Then go halfway up the stairs and stand next to the second glass rose picture.
Turn right and continue passed the piano. Turn left and stop in the archway.
Walk to the end of the room past the ropes. Stop inside the next room.
Turn around and go up the stairs. Turn left and go up more stairs. Wait at the top of those stairs.
Exit the entryway, turn left, walk to the study, turn right, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink.
Exit the spa room and go past the pool. Make a left at the bar and go up three steps. Wait in the doorway.
Turn around and go to the staircase. Go around the stairs to the left and stop in the bedroom.
At the foot of the stairs, turn left to walk into lobby area.Walk across the lobby area to enter the pool room and wait near the pool table.
Go up the stairs. Turn right. Continue straight into the hall. Turn right at the end of the hall. Stop next to the basket with balls in it.
Turn so you are facing the same direction as the open doors, leading to the room with urns on the left hand side.  Follow the red carpet and walk through the next doorway.  Stop on the carpet in that doorway.
Move past the stairs and through the next room.  Wait in the entrance to the kitchen.
Go down the stairs. When you get to the next floor turn right and continue going down the stairs. Go down two steps then stop.
Go to the stove. Go to the dining room table.
Walk past the console table to the right. Make a left just before the bed. Walk past the torso dress form on the right. Walk past the stair railing to the right. Make a right, and walk past the wall mirror to the left. Wait at the open bedroom door.
Exit room toward staircase, and descend the stairs.
Exit the bathroom, turn left and exit the bedroom. Wait in the hall by the stair case.
Go through the grand dining room and go around the right side of the dining room table. Leave the room through the archway and stop right after you enter the next gallery.
Go straight and then turn right. Go straight until you get to the stairs. Go up the stairs about half way then stop.
Walk through the door on the right side of the bed.  Go straight through the closet and into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet.
Turn left. Walk to the table. Turn right. Walk out the double doors. Turn left. Walk to the stairs. Walk up two stairs.
Walk between the two kitchen islands and then turn right. Pass through the stone archway and stop just after you pass through it. Wait there.
Walk straight then turn left. Walk straight into the room with the double doors. Wait near the desk.
Walk down the stairs and pass the fire extinguisher. Go down the stairs into the room and climb the pool steps. Stop beside the pool.
Turn around and walk past a wooden cabinet on the right.  Then turn to the right and walk in the bedroom.  Turn to the right again, and there will be a bathroom.  Stop right inside the doorway.  Wait there.
Walk straight across room to hall next to bench. Turn slight left into room at left and stop at table.
Exit the room into the hallway, travel up the stairs on your right, take a left and continue up the stairs and wait near the top of the last step.
Exit the living room. Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go to the toilet at the end of the hall.
turn right and walk past wood table, turn right at the doorway, turn left down the hallway, turn right and stop behind plush chair.
Turn left and exit the room. Walk straight until you get to a chandelier on top of your head and a round design on the floor.
Go straight down the hallway opposite the brown door until you get to an intersection, make a left and go straight, then make a left before the bookcase and go straight into the bedroom on the left, take a step into the bedroom and then stop.
Exit the small room with the massage table.Enter the second door on the left.
Walk past piano. Walk through arched wooden doors. Wait at bathtub.
Turn right and walk forward to exit out the door to the right beside the refrigerator.  Once out walk forward down the hallway and keep walking until you pass the stairs to the left. Once you pass the stairs, enter the next room to the left and stop behind the first chair.
Leave the exercise room and walk left on the wood floor.  Continue straight past the sofas and through the kitchen.  Stop at the first bar stool near the potted plant on the counter.
Head straight and exit from the door on the left. Turn right towards the steps and go down. Stop at the door leading outside.
Go through the double doors and follow the rose colored carpet to the next doorway. Stop just before going through and wait there.
Walk into the kitchen, around the dining table to the buffet. Stop and wait there.
Exit the bedroom and take the first right. Stop just past the eye exam chart on the wall.
Move to the other side of the center pillar, and wait near its far end.
Walk into the bedroom area. Walk passed the bed and through the door. Walk down the hallway and into the bedroom with the striped bed backboard and golden blanket laying on top.
Walk toward the railing and right past the stairs. Walk into the living room and turn right. Stop by the end table.
walk straight to to the end of the hall, turn left into living room, stop at the couch.
Exit bedroom.  Walk forward and enter the door on the right.  Wait inside bedroom.
Walk past the refrigerator and into the sitting area with the television.  Walk past the sitting area and onto the deck outside.  Stop once you have stepped onto the deck.
Go through middle room and to the right into the room with the sink, go straight through until you come to an archway on your left make a left through it and go through the doorway and wait.
continue down stairs, walk straight into lobby stop at tree.
Go to the 4 panel window Go to the gold rug Go to the white rug Go to the third chair on the left Go to the electrical receptacle.
Leave the sitting room and go left. Take a right before you enter the foyer. Go straight into the office. Stop on the rug in front of the bookcase.
Go to the left of the counter, and go down the hall. Turn left next to the chairs.
Enter the pool room, walk up the steps on the left and into the room on the right. Wait next to the massage table.
With the fireplace on your left side, move forward until you can exit the room through a door to your left. Exit through the door and climb the stairs to your immediate right. After reaching the first landing, take two more steps up the next staircase.
Walk through the kitchen area past the sink and stove top. Pass the two bar stools tucked under the counter and turn the corner at the end of the counter top. Walk through the hall and turn into the first open door in the corner that leads to a bedroom with a large opening to the outside.
Exit the bathroom. Turn left. Then go into the bedroom nearest to the world map on the wall above a desk. Stop a couple of feet into the room.
Leave the kitchen through the door to the left of the stove. Enter the fitness room on the right and stop at the end of the treadmill.
Leave the bedroom and walk straight. Take the last left at the end of the hallway. Stop once you are in the bathroom.
walk away from sink, turn left, walk towards foot of bed, exit through doorway on left, turn right and step down two stairs and stop.
Walk along the grass until you reach the sidewalk near the patio stairs. Walk up the stairs and across the patio. Walk through the sliding glass doors. Walk straight ahead and turn right into the kitchen.
Walk through the open door into the dining room area. turn the corner and walk through the kitchen along the counter passing the bar stools and sink. Continue through the open door at the end of the kitchen and follow the hall to a bedroom at the end.
Turn right, go through the doorway and head up the stairs. Once you get up the stairs to the landing turn right and head through that doorway. Go into the room ahead of you. There should be a door to your left, and in front of you should be a fireplace with a portrait of a man above it. You are at your destination.
Walk all the way forward and enter another door. Keep walking forward on the red carpet, and stop where the tiles are on the ground, and the end of the carpet.
Cross the room and go through the brown double doors, cross the room and step into the nearest archway on the right, step near the glass table and stop.
Go up the current set of stairs, and continue up the next set. Take a right and enter the room at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the door to the room on the left.
Exit the bedroom. Walk the opposite way of the picture hanging on the wall through the kitchen. Turn right at the long white countertop. Stop when you get past the two chairs.
Walk to the right of the coutch and through the doors to the tan couch  Pass through the dining room and wait outside.
Go to the white rug Go to the brown rug Go to the dark brown chair Go to the sliding doors Go to the pool table.
Walk out of the bedroom and straight down the hallway and take a left down the corridor off the hallway and take a right into the hallway with the gray wall and stop and the edge of the table closest to you when you enter.
Exit bathroom. Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Walk towards the bed and turn right. Exit bedroom. Walk down two stairs and stop on the stairs.
Walk down the hallway and take a right. Walk past the piano and wait by the violin hanging on the wall.
Walk forward along the pink rug, between the ropes, through the room.  Stop in the doorway across the room.
Walk toward the oven.  Go through the archway on your right that is past the painting of the girl in a blue bonnet.  Go through the doorway on your left.  Stop in front of the small sink, before you reach the grill.
Facing the mirror walk into the bedroom ahead and through the room into the bathroom through the door on the right. Stop in front of the first sink.
Turn to the right and move forward through the kitchen. Take the first left and move toward the painting.  Walk into the utility room.
Go through the doorway on your right, and go straight to stop just past the doorway with paintings on either side.
Go down the hallway, passed the stairs on the right and into the doorway on the right and take a step in and stop.
Turn to face potted plant. Turn right. Walk out of double doors. Turn left. Walk forward. Stop between stairs and mirror.
Continue down the wooden staircase, following it to the right.  Once on the bottom floor.  Walk directly across the room towards the plaid couch.  Then turn right and proceed through the white door into the bathroom.  Step into the bathroom and stop just inside of the doorway.
Turn around and go up the stairs. On the second landing go into the door on the left in front of you and stop on the rug by the book case.
Exit bedroom and walk straight to kitchen. Stop at edge of counter.
Leave through the second door on the left. Go down the stairs, and stop on the second stair down.
Walk into the bedroom and turn around the corner through the door with a hanging letter "B" near the door. Walk into the hallway and walk along the banister rail into the room on the right that has a human figured coat rack. Walk over the floor rug and into the doorway leading to the closet.
Go straight into the hallway.
Go left past the chairs and up all the stairs. Stay in doorway of first room.
walk between the columns towards the sofa. walk through the doorway with the white door. walk down the stairs. stop in front of the door leading outside.
Leave the room and to straight.  Enter the kitchen through the door on the right. Take a right into the living room. Stop next to the first end table.
Go down the stairs and turn left into the room then wait there.
Turn to walk between the kitchen sink counters, then turn left. Pass the refrigerator and turn right. Wait in the hallway by the counter.
Go into the bedroom to the right of the sink.  Turn left, and walk forward and stand in front of the railing about halfway between the two upstairs rooms.
Walk up the steps and turn left.  Wait by the wooden pillar next to the stairs.
Exit the bedroom into the hall. Turn right and go down the hall to the sitting area on the right. Wait on the carpet between the couches.
Walk forward and make a right toward the massage room, and wait.
Walk in the direction of the table at the end of the hall, and take a left. Walk into the office. Stop once you pass the doors.
Turn right and walk around the stair case, and turn left and stop in the door on the left.
Go up the steps next to the minibar and continue down the hallway, until stopping after entering the last door on the right.
Walk up the stairs. Go up a few stairs across from the open door.
Leave the laundry room and go down the hall to the right. Stop when you come into the kitchen.
Walk out of the washroom past the double closet doors and walk into the next room. Walk into the kitchen area and continue along the counter tops past the sink. Continue through the open door at the end of the counter tops.
Walk up the stairs and down the hallway. Walk past the chairs and stop in front of the dining room table and chairs.
Exit the room through open door. Turn left and walk outside that door towards the pool. Stand just outside that door, looking at the pool with the bar on your left.
Walk to the open door. Make a sharp right turn around the corner and walk through the open door into the room with grey tile.
Go through the large wooden doors and turn right. Pass the photos on the left and pass the second set of wooden doors. Continue going straight and stop at the chair at the end of the table.
Exit the bedroom then turn left down the hall. Stop just past the eye exam chart on the wall.
Walk past the piano to the oval door opening, walk straight ahead to the bathtub, stop right in front of bathtub.
Turn to the right and walk forward.
Move forward past the television on the wall, continue forward until you reach the potted plant and a door.
Walk to the other end of the room. Wait in the archway in front of the podium.
Walk past the set of stairs and through the hallway. Walk down the hallway passed the next set of stairs also and follow the banister through the hall. Walk into the room at the end of the hall that has a blackboard on the wall and large letters above.
Turn completely around. Walk straight ahead through the doorway that is next to the giant urn.
Go straight and up both sets of stairs. Go into the last room on the right and stop by the plant.
Walk into the bedroom, pass the bed, and stop in the doorway.
Go down the walkway between the bar and the floor cabinets. Make a left at the door leading to the bedroom.
Exit the kitchen and turn right. Go down the hall and wait next to the bedroom door that is second on the right.
Exit the bedroom and veer right about thirty degrees to the right to enter the kitchen area. Continue straight, passing a sink of your right, a stove and over on your left, a double sink on your right, and stop after you've just passed the kitchen area and a hallway to your left opens up.
Walk through the dining room and kitchen air to the short flight of stairs. Walk up the short flight of stairs. Wait by the door at the top of the stairs.
Walk all the way to the bottom on both flight of stairs, Walk straigh the the hallway to your left, and stop right before the rug.,.
Go between the couch and the island straight down the hallway. Pass through the next room and then turn right. Stop in front of the bathroom door and wait there.
Turn right toward the couch and go through the open door on the left. Turn left and stop at the bottom of the stairs.
Turn hard right and exit the exercise area. Walk towards the white sofas. Turn left and walk past the leftmost archway. Wait by the kitchen counter.
Walk up the stairs and go left into the bedroom. Turn left into the bathroom.
Turn, putting the exit of the building  on your left. Walk to the end of the entrance way and turn left. Travel across the kitchen area with the counter and chairs on your right. Continue straight until you reach the dining room. Enter the room and stop and wait one meter from the closest end of the long dining table.
Exit the room through the doorway on the right. Walk midway down the stairs and wait by the artwork.
Enter the room and turn around to see the stairs. Go up the stairs, then take a right, and stop in the bedroom doorway.
Walk up the short staircase and proceed down the hallway to the brown wooden door with small slit windows.  When you are almost to the door, turn right and walk into the room with the television.   Find the corner of the coffee table nearest to the couch on the right side of the room and stop about 1 foot from the edge of the table.
Walk out of the bedroom through the open door into the hallway. Turn the corner and walk into the dining area. Pass the dining table and walk  into the living room area towards the television. Stop near the chair and open sliding doors to outside.
Turn around with your back facing the bath tub. Walk forwards through the rounded entry way towards the two tan colored picture frames. Turn right in front of the frames, Walk past the piano. Continue walking towards the table with the clay vase. and plants. Stop right in front of the table in front of the clay vase.
Move forward through the kitchen, enter the room to the right, wait near the bedroom doorway.
Go to the painting. Go to the electrical receptacle. Go to the NQHG painting. Go to the couch. Go to the footstool.
Walk out of the closet and into the hallway. Walk through the hallway entrance on the left.Stop just inside the entryway.
Exit the bedroom and take a left. Enter another bedroom and wait there, next to the table and lamp.
Turn until you're facing the red carpet that creates a path for tourists to walk on. Then move forward passing a couple of chairs on your right until you pass through a double door opening and the carpet takes an approximately thirty degree turn to the right. Stop just after the carpet makes that turn.
Walk past the desk and out through the black door into the hallway. Walk around the corner with the woven baskets and potted plant. Continue around the front of the stairs near the entrance on the home and walk up the first few steps.
Go left through the door.